i 've seen better production quality on youtube !
i pity the actors , as the writing was terrible and the direction shocking , not sure how they could get the lines out - i really doubt any actor would have been able to salvage this movie no matter how good they were .
the characters were not developed at all , and there was no real cohesion in the plot which just seemed to go nowhere much .
it 's a shame really , as the premise for the movie was good and with better production quality , direction and script it could have been a decent movie .
it certainly was not a comedy , unless you laugh out loud at the dubbing - which was amateurish , even the english actors sounded weird .
unimaginably stupid , redundant and humiliating closure to the " nightmare on elm street"-series !
part 6 is so incompetent that it looks like director rachel talalay intentionally wanted to turn wes craven 's initial premise into one big bad and tasteless joke .
this is n't just the worst entry in the " elm street " saga ; it 's also one of the most embarrassing horror movies ever made and it downright offends fans of the genre !
the story is dumb , the character drawings are ridiculous , the structure is all murky and 
most of all 
the special and visual effects resemble those of a tom & jerry cartoon .
the sequences in which freddy krueger murders his victims are endless and very uninteresting .
were we supposed to be petrified when a jabbering freddy turned breckin meyer into a video game - character and pogo - sticked him around the walls of a house ?
the story takes us back to springwood and it appears that freddy all of a sudden has a middle - aged daughter .
you 'd think he would mention that in one of his previous adventures , but no  
there 's
only one teenage - survivor in springwood and krueger uses him to get into contact with his long lost daughter .
another reason why this final installment is so awful is the completely illogical structure .
the john doe - boy is introduced as the leading character but then all of a sudden he dies and the plot continues to revolve on two adults !
how about that : freddy krueger , who spent five entire films killing nothing but teenagers , eventually gets beaten by two adults wearing 3d - glasses !
sort of like ruins the whole essence , does n't it ?
as far as i 'm concerned , " nightmare on elm street " has always been a dreadfully overrated series but , up until now , even the weakest entries had at least some redeeming elements . "
freddy 's dead " , however , is simply unendurable and nobody should waste his / her precious time watching it .
any film which begins with a cowhand shagging a female calf ca n't promise much .
as for the stereotyping of the kibbutz as it was 50 yrs ago , well i was there and it just was n't like that .
ok every kibbutz had just a small piece of something shown in the film ( like youngsters raiding the kitchen at night )
but you ca n't show the whole kibbutz as being full of all those - shall we say - naughty traits .
each kibbutz had its own problems , but hardly any kibbutz had all of them .
the views of israel were great .
i still remember my youth in that garden of eden called the emek ( valley ) .
yes , and the acting was good too , so you see it was n't all black - just a wrong portrayal - probably on purpose too .
the annoying mouse and lullaby really got to me and really had nothing to do with the story ...
it 's something i would have done my 1st year in film school .
very sad .
additionally , the story just seemed to drag on for no apparent reason ... there were too many things just thrown in there that had nothing to do with the story , which makes me feel that the creative team did n't really know what they were doing , or just that it should have been shorter ... which would have been a blessing , not a crime .
as i have just watched all of the episodes up to this point over the past week ...
i'd have to say that this was by far the worst , and i just wanted to warn others not to start with this one .
you might be a bit confused if you watch this silly made - for from the beginning , since the credits list susan dey as " special guest star . "
um , why would a one - off mow like this have a guest star ?
well , if you stick with it , you 'll find yourself paying attention to little else but ms. dey 's butt , wiggling in a flowered bikini as the " partridge family " house babe frolics on the beach to which that imaginative title alludes .
susan 's derrière is especially compelling when she shakes it at the camera while teasing and tickling her pseudo - disaffected brother in one mildly incestuous scene .
sadly , susie and her tush fight a losing battle :
the jiggle - tv craze that might have put that bottom over the top was three years off , so that sweet booty just gets a supporting role .
in 1976 fat freddy silverman would have put that behind right out front and used this flick as susan 's audition tape for " charlie 's angels . "
as is , our susan was denied cheesecake immortality and had to settle for a very commendable career playing somber , neurotic women .
the view beyond susan 's heinie , it must be said , is not very compelling .
the scenery is nice , and photographed in a bizarre , hazy way that briefly fools you into thinking there might be some quirky creative intelligence at work behind the camera .
nope .
it 's just a typically suspense - challenged 70 's made - for - tv thriller that allowed weekly series stars to make some extra
cash(and collect some cable residuals , though they obviously did n't know that at the time ) and show off their " range .
" here we 're treated to a tv - scale nuclear family , squaring off against tv - scale thugs who ca n't decide whether they 're a motorcycle gang or a hippie cult ( thus the filmmakers split the difference by putting them in dune buggies ) and have never learned one of the primary lessons of 1970s television : do n't mess with dennis weaver ( see " mccloud " and " duel " ) .
the only potential for depth in this movie is in the aforementioned teenage - son character of steve , played by the long - forgotten ( if ever - remembered ) kristoffer tabori , who is supposed to be rebellious and troubled and might feel some sympathy for and attraction to the lawless mob that is ( supposedly ) menacing his family .
but steve , as played by tabori ( gosh , why did n't we see more from this wunderkind ? ) , is actually just grumpy and moody and is n't one bit conflicted when big d gets serious and draws a line in the proverbial ( and literal ) sand .
for the sleep - deprived and susan deyniacs ( there must be some of you out there ) only .
where to start , this movie started badly and ended badly !
it consists of extremely poor acting and unrealistic effects that had me cringing in my seat , seriously , my cat could have acted better than this lot .
some of it was actually laughable because it was so unbelievable
, i would of rated this lower but they have n't got anything else !
so , heed my warning and unless your so bored your close to suicide and would like a good reason to continue with your suicide mission , do n't bother with this one .
i 'm still in shock that this could actually be released to the public , this should be a crime and all involved should be arrested .
i gather you 've got the gist by now
so i 'll leave it up to you to decide .
the screaming skull ( 1 outta 5 stars )
this movie boasts some pretty cool opening credits ( an offscreen narrator warning that movie patrons will be offered a free burial if they die of fright watching this movie , a scary shot of a skull emerging from a placid pool and the ubiquitous scary music ) but , sadly , the movie is all downhill from there .
a widowed man takes his new bride to his secluded mansion ... admonishing his servants and friends that the new mrs. has a very fragile disposition due to a tragedy in her past .
well , in no time at all she begins to see and hear mysterious things that no one else can .
her husband assures her that it 's all merely in her mind
and ... well , you can probably see where this all is going .
you will have figured out what 's going on long before our hapless heroine ... because you have probably seen the exact same plot in hundreds of other movies and tv shows ( and done better , too ) .
to add to the movie 's myriad transgressions , most cuts of this movie ( on numerous cheap dvd compilations ) seem to be missing a few key scenes .
you see the heroine slowly walking towards the window ...
she goes to open it ...
you know she is going to see something scary ...
and then ... suddenly the scene cuts to her sobbing in her husband 's arms .
so what did she see ? ? ?
i guess we 'll never know .
oh , brother ...
after hearing about this ridiculous film for umpteen years all i can think of is that old peggy lee song ..
that all there is ? ?
" ... i was just an early teen when this smoked fish hit the u.s.
i was too young to get in the theater ( although i did manage to sneak into " goodbye columbus " ) .
then a screening at a local film museum beckoned - finally i could see this film , except now i was as old as my parents were when they schlepped to see
it!!the only reason this film was not condemned to the anonymous sands of time was because of the obscenity case sparked by its u.s. release .
millions of people flocked to this stinker , thinking they were going to see a sex film ...
instead , they got lots of closeups of gnarly , repulsive swedes , on - street interviews in bland shopping malls , asinie political pretension ... and feeble
who - cares simulated sex scenes with saggy , pale actors .
cultural icon , holy grail , historic artifact .. whatever this thing was , shred it , burn it , then stuff the ashes in a lead
box!elite esthetes still scrape to find value in its boring pseudo revolutionary political spewings ..
but if it were n't for the censorship scandal , it would have been ignored , then forgotten .
instead , the " i am blank , blank " rhythymed title was repeated endlessly for years as a titilation for porno films ( i am curious , lavender - for gay films , i am curious , black - for blaxploitation films , etc .. ) and every ten years or so the thing rises from the dead , to be viewed by a new generation of suckers who want to see that " naughty sex film " that " revolutionized the film
industry" ...
yeesh , avoid like the plague ..
or if you must see it - rent the video and fast forward to the " dirty " parts , just to get it over with .
this sequel is thoroughly uneven , incoherent and rambling in " plot " ( if there really is one)and tries too damned hard to be modern ( ridiculous , out of period and character 21 st century style songs predominate ) and cute (
yawn : there are too many manufactured , belaboured jokes with animals . )
the actors in his film are secondary to the juvenile plot .
even glenn close ( and she is normally very good ) sweeps through this film , parodying herself as the original de ville and the lead from sunset boulevard !
it 's a film that is n't even good to look at .
this is a very good example of a bad and pointless sequel .
even basic instinct 2 had a plot , characterisation and acceptable acting .
this does n't .
it is bad .
it could have been a marvelous story based on the ancient races of cat people , but it wasn't .
this work could have been just that ; marvelous and replete with mythological references which kept my fascination fueled .
the lead characters ( charles brady played by brian krause ; and his mother mary , played by alice krige ) were shallowly done , had no depth of personality and were hardly likable or drawing .
not even mädchen amick ( who played tanya robertson ) 's character fit into that description .
however , as i 've said many times before , when you adapt a stephen king novel for tv , you simply must take into account the fact that his books are n't written for tv , and his screenplay talent sadly lacks the fire and depth he exhibits as a novelist .
this is another botched attempt to take the magick of stephen king writing , whether that is of his novels or an original screenplay .
to simply cut and paste his work onto the small screen .
his novels get completely bastardized in the process and all you end up creating is a nice movie ; nothing less but certainly nothing more .
his screenplays are hit and miss .
unfortunately , this screenplay translation was a miss .
sorry , sorry , sorry movie .
this movie gets a 1.0/10 from ... the fiend : .
i 've waited a long time to see dr tarr 's torture dungeon and after i watched it
, i was really disappointed by it .
it 's not the baroque film i expected it to be .
the trailer ( which i saw on a something weird dvd ) is much better than the entire film , which is remarkably forgettable .
there are almost no stand out scenes in it and the look and feel is interesting
but it does n't even come close to other baroque
styled movies out there , from fellini or jodorowsky .
the characters are dull and there 's almost nothing dramatic going on , even though we see rape , crucifixion , insanity , etc .
the main problem with dr tarr 's torture dungeon was the fact that it was a talk - a - thon more than anything else .
it was almost like watching a book .
i just wanted the film to have moments of silence or mood or something
, instead we see / listen to the main characters chit - chat endlessly about dull stuff .
a missed opportunity .
ok , i know that a lot of people will probably resent this review as watership down is a " classic " and a standard part of most people 's childhood , but seeing this film for the first time at the tender age of 18 , i must admit :
i really hated it .
we watched this film because my sister had read the book and really enjoyed it , and many people who whimpered at the very words " watership down"- their memories of seeing the film as children and having their emotions torn at the seams- recommended it .
to be honest , i wish i had n't bothered .
i gave it the benefit of the doubt ; generally i do n't like to stop watching a film half way through .
this was an exception .
it was really , really , excruciatingly , sickeningly dull .
this film was possibly the slowest thing i 've ever watched
( imagine a doped - up snail in space ) , and really did n't " do it " for me .
the art was alright ; the backgrounds were nicely made if not a little bland and twee , yet the rabbits themselves were not very endearing and the animation was quite jumpy and poorly produced .
i'm not going to go into huge details about the storyline ; basically it is the tale of a group of rabbits who leave their warren due to the infiltration of humans in the area .
generally a moralistic story about the perils of human interactions on the environment , it uses anthropomorphic rabbits to put the message across .
for me , i kind of wished that they would get gassed , not because i 'm a horrible sadistic person , but because the characters were uninspiring , annoying , dull and generally quite rude
( oh i 'm so terribly english ) .
i found that i was constantly looking at the clock whilst watching the film , and it took a whole 20 minutes or so before anything actually happened , and even that was a terrible anticlimax .
if i were to praise it in any way , i 'd have to admit that the concept of showing children the perils of building on the countryside and hopefully unveiling the arrogance of humans etc etc is quite well - meaning .
maybe it is all in general sanctimonious and preachy , but the message it 's trying to put forth is good in its nature .
the musical score was not bad , too .
so , to conclude , this film is pretty poor .
i could n't watch it the whole way through , or i 'd probably be forced to eat my own legs in sheer boredom .
granted , it is n't " torque " bad , but it still does n't rate highly in my eyes , so i 've given it a 2/10.hope this helps .
this mini series , also based on a book by alex haley as was ` queen ' , tried to use similar formulas , that is , constructing a long history following the lives of a family over many years .
whereas in ` queen ' the result was masterful , here in mama flora the inspiration was lacking .
firstly perhaps in the book itself , and most certainly in this tv production .
too much is put in with too much haste over the years , such that the unfolding saga is shallow , superficial , not nearly so authentic as in ` queen ' .
full marks for the scenification in the earlier parts of the film , which was prepared with great care , but as the film progressed it seemed to degenerate into a kind of dallasian - forsythian unpalatable mix in the last third of its three hours or so duration .
i had hoped for more ; but evidently haley was less inspired with this tale than his near - biographical ` queen ' , and peter werner iii is no match for john erman .
only recommendable for those who have an appetite for these lengthy tales of generations growing up .
i picked this up at the video store because of tarantino 's recommendation ( " if you do n't like ( this ) , go f&^% yourself ! " ) on the box ... seemed like a ringing endorsement ....
i was expecting something a bit more like " death proof " ... not much actual violence in this one tho , or plot , of character , or dialogue .
look at the poster .
it 's all there .
stunts , and rock .
it goes back and forth .
a week or so in the life of an la band that does a crappy magic show , at a level that you 'd maybe see in one of the lesser casinos off the strip , and an aussie stuntman new in town finding his feet ...
they work , they meet girls ,
they party .
end of story .
the band obviously needed all that stuff because they are frankly second - tier , and playing a style that was already dated in 1978 .
it has to be said that the stunt bits in the film are genuinely spinetingling - that aussie fellow really is something , and the film seems largely motivated by love and respect for the " art " .
i hung it there to see what crazy thing he 'd do next .
just wish he could have found a better vehicle .
the priyadarshan / paresh rawal combo has been golden before with the likes of hera pheri and hungama
so i went into the movie ( at an indian multiplex ) with high hopes , especially after the slick promos .
unfortunately , like hulchul before it , this movie was a huge disappointment .
like others have commented , the premise of the movie , which was already stale to begin with , just gets stretched on and on without any development or additional layering .
after a while , you just want the movie to end
so you can go home (
if i had been watching this at home , it would have been much easier to cut my losses ) .
akshay kumar 's performance is average at best and john abraham should not try doing comedy again .
the comedy aspects of the movie overall were pretty week .
i only remember giggling like twice the entire movie .
definitely no sidesplitting belly laughs that consumed me in hera pheri or even to a lesser extent in awara paagal deewana .
paresh rawal had a few of his expected classic moments , but overall , because his role and character was n't given much room to grow , he did n't make much of an impact in this film .
neha dhupia , who makes only an appearance in the movie , was fun to look at while she was on screen .
and some of the songs are fun .
especially the opening and closing songs of ada and kiss me baby , respectively .
otherwise , you 're better off just passing on this movie .
i understand this movie was made on a very low budget
but that is no excuse for the monstrosity that is grendel .
deathstalker , the throne of fire , barbarian queen , conquest , the invincible barbarian were all done on shoestring budgets and poor special effects yet they still managed to create cult classics by adding some scantily clad women warriors and a good sense of humor .
the primitive costumes , dark castles and beautiful bulgarian landscape gave grendel the potential to be a very good low budget sword and sorcery film , but the makers completely ruined this opportunity by using extremely poor cgi effects and colorless characters .
compare this film to beowulf ( 1999 ) .
it may not be citizen kane
but it is a good example of how an entertaining low budget sci - fi/ adventure movie can be made by using credible special effects and appealing characters .
five across the eyes ai n't worth one off the wrist , i must admit at one point
i was really worried , for about 30 seconds nobody made a noise
and i thought my speakers had blown or that i had gone deaf with the constant screaming and high pitch yelling ,
me and the speakers are ok now thanks for asking , funnily enough that was the best bit of the film .
i wo n't waste your time telling you the plot , read the other comments for that .
if you have bought this dvd but not yet unwrapped it
do n't , take it back and demand your money back
, i 've wasted mine do n't do the same .
i was actually shouting at the telly " they 're over here in the car , look for the camera lights , and get the camera man first " , i have left the swear words out but you can guess where they go .
if anybody would like to buy this film ( it 's really good )
it 's yours for a ten quid .
i quote oedpius rex because it is a tragedy that this film was
even made!!!this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen !
i am in no way
an uwe boll hater like most of the humourless people on imdb !
uwe boll movies like postal and tunnel rats are hilariously bad and therefore entertaining .
but honestly , this movie was just horrible .
i hated it so much that i 'd give it a zero star rating if i could .
the story is just crap !
it spends four fifths of the film building the plot and then they have the middle which is just scenes of grizzly horrible
tastelessly done murder !
the finally end it with a " villan wins ending " which is totally acceptable but surely it could have been more tasteful than this !
i am not against uwe boll ( like i said earlier ) nor am i against violent movies !
i f**king love violent movies !
i loved the saw movies , the hostel movies , tokyo gore police , the new york ripper , the 28 movies , dog soldiers , my bloody valentine , last house on the left , watchmen , wolf creek , every tarantino movie , every sam peckinpah , even cannibal f**king holocaust !
but this !
omfg ! ! !
this was just cruel , sadistic and perverted !
and look at the movies i just listed !
if i liked cannibal holocaust and not this then it must be bad !
uwe , do n't go all dark again !
you 're funny when you are light hearted , just like ed wood .
this was just an awful experience !
i felt horrible all over after seeing this!do not watch ! ! ! !
at all cost ! ! ! ! !
i saw this movie at the toronto film festival with fairly solid expectations .
the movie has a great cast and was closing at the festival so it must be good
, right ?
how wrong i was .
i knew we were in trouble when before the film the director was talking about how when he was directing an episode of wiseguy he met an unknown actor named kevin spacey ( a director / writer of wiseguy making his feature debut = blah ) ...
well the director / writer of edison must have some incriminating pictures of kevin spacey killing a homeless man , because i can not see how he ( along with the other actors in the film ) would ever agree to be in this disaster .
this movie is absolutely appalling !
it 's a mixture of every cop hard boiled cliché ever .
there is nothing new with edison .
the acting was bad and the direction was even worse .
it looked like that aforementioned episode of wiseguy .
this was the best casted direct to video movie
i 've ever seen .
some examples of just bad silly moments in edison ...
morgan freeman dancing around his apartment for no reason to rock and roll music ...
justin timberlake getting creative criticism from his belle while his apartment is surrounded by candles ...
llcoolj driving a vintage firebird ...
3 guys being shot in the head ...
this movie is the opposite of good .
stay away from edison !
there are plenty of comments already posted saying exactly how i felt about this film
so ill keep it short .
grinch
" i thought was marvellous - jim carrey is a truly talented , physical comedian as well as being a versatile clever actor ( in my opinion ) .
mike myers on the other hand gets his laughs by being annoying .
i used to like him very much in his " waynes world " and " so i married an axe murderer " days -
but i ve never been fond of austin powers and " the cat
in the hat " has just finished me off .
this film was horrible - the gags were horrible !
inappropriate for children not only in adult content but in the fact that some of them were so dated they have nt amused anyone for 50 years !
the plot was messy , messy , messy !
its a shame really because the children were very likeable as was " mom " .
they probably could have picked a better villain than alec baldwin - but he could have pulled it off if it were n't for myers ugly , revolting over - acted portrayal of the cat .
i mean - did myers even glance at a script ?
was one written ?
the other actors seemed to have one - but the cat just seemed to be winging it!on the other hand i would like to mention that the sets and props were marvellous ! ! !
but unfortunately they ca nt save this film .
poor dr seuss - the man was a genius !
do nt ruin his reputation by adapting his work in a such a lazy , messy way!!!1/10
this is a badly made , poor remake of bimalda 's classic parineeta .
the story is based on sarat chandra 's book of the same name and it is a distortion of the original .
well one can appreciate some degree of creativity but not sham creativity .
the acting by everyone is affected and the entire movie is a sham .
shekar 's father 's choice of words in abusing lolita ( balan ) sounds cheap and morbid and destroys the spirit of the original story .
again the scene where shekhar ( saif ) slaps lolita is quite out of place with the flow of the movie and the characters , is quite jarring to the senses , and could have been easily avoided .
similarly the sex scene between saif and balan is quite unbecoming the movie and a cheap gimmick to attract the audience .
when a creative work is not faithful to the original and destroys it 's spirit , the work falls apart .
the song " piyu bole " is quite ok .
another silver lining in the dark cloud of this movie is the scene where saif stands up for himself and rebels against his father .
this is a positive departure from the original and deserves credit .
on these counts this movie deserves 3 stars .
the song and dance by rekha smacks of artifice and it is a put on .
the song is tuneful
but i remember having heard it somewhere before and if iam not mistaken the tune appears to have been plagiarized .
well , agreed the times have changed from then to now .
but then this movie is not even reflective of the modern times .
this is what happens when the modern bollywood film makers get increasingly obsessed with impressing the nris and grabbing the lucrative nri entertainment market .
such movies end up neither belonging to india nor to any other part of the world .
i saw this movie when i was really little .
it is , by far , one of the strangest movies i have ever seen .
now , normally , i like weird movies , but this was just a bit too much .
there 's not much of a plot to the movie .
if anything , it starts out like toy story , where toys come to life , and raggedy ann and andy go on an adventure to rescue their new friend , babette .
from there , craziness ensues .
there 's the greedy , the looneys , a sea monster named gazooks , and a bunch of pirates singing show tunes , all of which just made the movie weirder .
also , i ca n't help but feel that babette is annoying and a bit too whiny .
she definitely did n't help the movie .
now , even though i did n't like this movie , there were a few cute parts .
i liked the camel 's song .
even though it was a song about being lonely , it had a friendly feel to it .
then , there was sir leonard .
while most of the looneys were just plain nuts , sir leonard was the most interesting and probably the funniest .
king koo koo was just a little dirtbag that made dr. evil look like a serious villain .
also , there was raggedy andy 's song , no girl 's toy .
it was definitely good song for little boys who wanted to act tough .
but , honestly , even these things did n't make the movie any better .
( but remember , this is just my perspective . )
while i personally would n't recommend this movie , even i have to admit , it does have its charming moments .
see it if you 're interested , but only if you 're in the mood for something " really " out of the ordinary .
what a wasted cast .
this is one of the most disappointing films i 've seen .
usually roger ebert does not let me down , but i feel cheated after seeing this movie .
the only thrill is seeing elizabeth banks in her bra .
that is a sorry statement about this movie .
it held so much promise , but it was like dry humping a transvestite .
this is self absorbed tripe .
i can not express deeply enough my bitterness at having sat through this movie , and hope i can forewarn you of the same disappointment .
words really ca n't describe how bad this film is .
i thought zandalee was bad , but at least that had some nice shots and the occasional good chin stroking moment here and there to stop you from nodding off .
this is just laughable !
terrible script , poor direction , awful acting and
you know what ?
i ca n't think of a single thing to recommend about it other than the fact that it is n't too long .
if you want 100 minutes worth of entertainment , book yourself in at the dentist and have some root canal work - far more enjoyable and much better value for money ( assuming that you need it ! ) .
incidentally , i need to type 10 lines of text to complete this review - please do not buy this movie .
it is terrible !
start with the script .
i have seen cartoons with more depth than " envy " .
anytime characters keep repeating what you have already seen , and was not funny the first time , a movie is in deep trouble , which " envy " certainly is .
a movie that relies on one joke had better have somewhere to go with it .
here we have a film that goes absolutely nowhere .
christopher walken especially would like to forget this bomb , because his character is so weak .
ben stiller has been in some pretty good black comedies , " flirting with disaster " , and " duplex " , immediately come to mind .
be certain that " envy " is not a black comedy .
there are no double meanings , just total nonsense .
" envy " deserves it 's low rating , because like it 's subject matter , it stinks .
- merk
i am a big fan of low budget horror movies like this , but come on !
this has to be the worst piece of monkey s@#t
i have ever seen !
i ignored the reviews posted on this site figuring that it would fall into my taste in horror , but i got bored and turned it off .
let 's see :
the wardrobe : consisted of cheap cameo outfits and painters outfits from home depot .
the masks were made from what looks like tin foil .
the gore : the gore was pretty good , i must give it that .
but ittenbach 's burning moon was better for a low budget movie .
acting : was horrible !
i did n't mind the dubbing .
i find this humorous like in ittenbach 's " premutos " ( great movie ) .
the fighting and action sequences were pi$$ poor .
bottom line :
do n't watch any of schnaas 's movies .
there are much better directors like jorg buttergeit and olaf ittenbach with movies of the same gore and subject matter .
check premutos , house of blood , schramm and the nekromantiks .
this movie is by far the worst movie ever made .
if you have to create a film costarring the guy who plays lars in heavyweights than do n't make the damn film .
i have to say that i could watch leprechaun in space 6 times before i could watch the trailer for this pos of a movie .
adam sandler should be restricted from any movie after this disgrace .
watching this movie is like a mix of listening to cher and willingly putting your dick in a blender .
anyone with half of a brain cell will realize that this movie is not worth a dime .
if i had an extra dollar and had to spend it , i 'd give it to the support lorraina bobbitt foundation before buying this movie .
why did the histories of mary and rhoda have to be so dour ?
divorced women with indifferent daughters .
and why very little reference to the original show and characters ?
the daughter characters were silly and uninteresting .
why ca n't there ever be daughters who like their mother 's on tv ?
it makes sense that mary would leave minneapolis , and rhoda would return to nyc , but why could n't phyllis or sue ann nivens be guest stars ?
it just seems a pitiful way to remember such wonderful characters .
it was good to see mary and rhoda together of course , but it could have been better , much better .
well , there has been a mary tyler moore show reunion , a dick van dyke show reunion , hopefully mary will do better next time if she revisits her old mary richards stomping grounds again .
why do people who do not know what a particular time in the past was like feel the need to try to define that time for others ?
replace woodstock with the civil war and the apollo moon - landing with the titanic sinking
and you 've got as realistic a flick as this formulaic soap opera populated entirely by low - life trash .
is this what kids who were too young to be allowed to go to woodstock and who failed grade school composition do ?
" i 'll show those old meanies , i 'll put out my own movie and prove that you do n't have to know nuttin about your topic to still make money ! "
yeah , we already know that .
the one thing watching this film did for me was to give me a little insight into underclass thinking .
the next time i see a slut in a bar who looks like diane lane , i 'm running the other way .
it 's child abuse to let parents that worthless raise kids .
it 's audience abuse to simply stick woodstock and the moonlanding into a flick as if
that ipso facto means the film portrays 1969 .
painfully bad christmas film that has an equally painfully bad performance by vince vaughn , who is paying his usual frat boy self
but this time for a children 's movie but with out the wit or charm that is in his r rated films .
vaughn seems like he 's on autopilot though most of the film
and he keeps running into walls with his lackluster performance .
after 30 minutes into the film , you would be in touch your inner scourge and say " bahumbag " at how unfunny this film is and after another 30 minutes , you will want to walk out over how unbearable the film has gotten during that point .
out of all the actors involved in this mess , only paul giamatti and rachel weisz brings some life to there perspective paper thin roles and that 's manly because they are both way too good of actors to be in this film .
paul giamatti brings some depth and warmth to the character of saint nick himself
but he 's forced to vaughn 's level of juvenile behavior when they are doing their sad sibling infighting .
you can see in giamatti face that he 's not having fun with his role and it painfully shows in certain parts of the film .
rachel weisz brings a sense of fun and spirit to her role
but she really does not have much of a character to work with
and you can see in her face that she 's well aware of that , so much so that she seems irritated in certain parts of the film .
fortunately for her , she 's not in the film much at all and is able to save some face , unlike giamatti , who looks like he 's about to fire his agent by the end of the movie .
the direction also feels uninspiring , like there is no feeling or flow to be had and this is a supposed to be a holiday movie
but it ends up feeling like you are just staring at a fancy widow display that is being torn down .
i do n't know what went wrong here
but with only two actors involved ( giamatti and weisz ) trying their best to at least bring something to the table with a unfunny script they had to work with , spotty direction with no feeling for the subject at hand ( and this is a christmas movie of all things ) and a actor who just does not care about his performance ( vaughn ) , you have a very unevenly bad film that is very painful to watch .
" godzilla vs king ghidorah " is a perfect example how a great idea can be ruined by pathetic topics like pseudo - patriotism .
here , travellers from the future try to ruin japan , replacing the local hero godzilla with their puppy monster , the three - headed golden dragon king ghidorah .
they fail , however and in the end godzilla fights ghidorah .
the battles between the two behemoths are very cool , but the plot of the movie is full with holes and the all thing about " japan is great " is really stupid .
the creators of this movie did n't even threat with respect the enemies of japan , making them stupid big blond guys , who are easily outsmarted by the clever japanese .
the good thing is that in the end godzilla and king ghidorah nearly destroyed the both japan and it 's ridiculous enemies in one ( actually two ) spectacular combats .
but till this battle royale , the film was really dull and pathetic .
obvious attack on microsoft made by people who do n't appear to understand intellectual property or market economies generally .
loony liberal tim robbins plays a painfully obvious caricature of bill gates , and is a cartoonish corporate villain ordering murders right and left .
while microsoft may engage in some anticompetitive activity at times , it 's unlikely they actually murder people .
therefore , the film is over the top and ridiculous from the beginning .
the " deeper " point is apparently that major tech innovations should be free to the public , and not subject to intellectual property laws .
however , this ignores the fact that most major innovations would never have been developed if not for the market incentives ( and rewards ) provided by intellectual property .
it 's one thing to be opposed to anti - competitive conduct -- that 's common sense .
it 's quite another to be opposed to market competition in the first place , which is what the film 's mantra ( " knowledge belongs to mankind " ) represents .
yet another example of hollywood being completely out of touch with reality .
i stopped watching lost at this episode because i thought ana - lucia and libby 's deaths were unnecessary and really depressing .
then i found out that they kept libby around just to die in the next episode !
i ca n't handle it .
i liked this show for the first season , but it definitely declined in the second season
, i found jack and locke 's little religious feud to be annoying .
the deaths of rodriguez & watros ' characters was the final straw !
i give this episode a 4/10 , for being the end to my viewing of this formerly great series created by alias legend j.j. abrams .
i hope his series in the future will improve on this one .
i watched the movie " the flock " because of the casting of gere and danes and because the story synopsis sounded interesting .
this was one of the worst movies i 've seen in a long while
( and i 've seen some turkeys . )
i 've never posted online before but this movie was so awful i had to do so .
i suppose the problems begin begin with the script which was so amateurish it 's unbelievable .
the story makes zero sense and the dialogue is so trite it 's nauseating .
poor gere , he deserves so much better .
as for the gere / danes on screen matchup , because of the horrible writing , one does n't believe either character for a single minute .
i 'll bet gere wishes he could buy back the negative , were such a thing possible .
it 's a shame to see talent wasted so badly , not to mention i wish i could get my 2 hours back .
( i know what you 're thinking .
how do i really feel ? )
when we were in junior high school , some of us boys would occasionally set off stinkbombs .
it was considered funny then .
but the producers , directors and cast of " semana santa " ( " angel of death " in the dvd section of your local video rental ) are adults and they are still setting them off .
like the previous reviewer who wondered if the cast were anxious to get off the set and home , i doubt more than one take was done for any of the scenes .
mira sorvino , hot in " mighty aphrodite " and other top - rated films , seems to have undersold herself to this project .
her acting is non - existent , confined mostly to wistful stares that are supposed to indicate how " sensitive " she is to the plight of the film 's various victims .
but let me warn you -- do not be the next victim !
step away from the dvd if you find it on the shelf .
tbere are not many good leg shots of mira ( the only high points i could find in the film ) and the supporting cast is of inferior quality , delivering a mishmash of badly - done dialogue with embarrassing " spanish " accents worthy of the best high school theatrical production .
this film so not funny - such a waste of great stars , who seem to be caught up so in their own stardom that they forget .
only shining moments belong to john cleese as the hotel manager who likes to dress up - you almost fall out of your chair with helpless laughter when he dances to donna summer 's " bad girls " while wearing high heels , a mink coat and a dainty hat .
the rest : forget it !
" raising victor vargas " is one of those light , family movies that you can watch and do the n.y. times crossword puzzle at the same time .
and if you want to go to the kitchen for a taco and a corona , you do n't have to " pause " the dvd .
just let it roll , 'cause you wo n't be missing anything really important .
no twists , turns , or tension .
it 's not really an ethnic movie , it 's a movie about a poor , struggling immigrant family that happens to be latino .
they could have been any ethnic group .
it made very little difference .
i 've seen it all a zillion times before .
just plug in a jewish family , an italian family , a black family , or an irish family .
just the accents and names were different .
if the vargas family was named bush or clinton and were presbyterians , the movie would have been a total snooze .
it 's funny that the critics here could n't get the locale straight .
some said it was spanish harlem .
some the bronx , and another brooklyn .
as a life - long new yorker , i vote for the lower east side .
and it seemed that the family never met up with anyone except other latinos .
they lived in an insulated / isolated little enclave .
some interaction with non - latinos might have created some excitement , interest , or tension .
remember west side
story?and now for the oft - criticized cinematography .
i do n't know if it was my tv or what , but all the indoor shots looked very orange to me .
the apt , the furniture , and the faces were all orange .
what was that supposed to mean ?
and the apt .
did look pretty cramped to me .
somebody here mentioned that the old apt's / tenements had very big rooms .
well , maybe 50 years ago .
what landlords have done is to break up one big apt into 2 or 3 very small ones and squeeze as many immigrants as they can into them .
and another annoying thing ....
this is the second family movie i 've seen and criticized this week that featured a teenage boy " jerking off " .
is this private sex act necessary for us to watch ?
please spare me !
what 's up with these directors ?
so " victor vargas " is a pleasant little movie .
it was nice for a change to see young latino actors given a break and a chance to show their talents , which they did .
but the writers let them down , giving them a flat , unspectacular script to work with .
enjoy the show , but keep your fingers near the " fast forward " button .
filmed in a documentary style , but you can pretty well tell participants had been coached .
a recently divorced wannabe film maker(myles
berkowitz)sees a chance to liven up his love life and step into the movie biz at the same time .
he intends to make a documentary piece about finding love by filming twenty dates including ramifications .
the comedy is spotty at best ; the rest is mishap after mishap .
also taking part are richard arlook , robert mckee and the enticing elisabeth wagner .
trying for credibility the fetching tia carrere is talked into a cameo .
this will suffice as a handbook on how not to get a satisfactory date .
i suppose that today this film has relevance because it was an early sofia loren film .
she was 19 years old when the film was made in 1953.i viewed this film because i wanted to see some of sofia loren 's early work .
i was surprised when she came on camera having had her skin bronzed over in brown makeup to resemble an ethiopian princess .
surely , today , this would have been viewed as a slur and to be avoided in movie making .
it actually became annoying watching ms. loren in skin color paint throughout the film .
yes , this film would have been better made if the real opera singers had made this movie .
then , the singing and the actual facial gestures of the real artists would have been apparent .
i discount the comments by others about whether the real opera singers are older and heavier in weight .
as beautiful as ms. loren was at age 19 and still is today , the film would have been better received as though it were being performed on the stage .
after all , we do n't see beautiful young people on stage with " old opera singers " back stage singing from behind the curtain !
do not discount the success of using heavy - weight opera singers .
one only has to refer to the most artistically produced television commercial for the j. g. wentworth company with the opera singers on stage singing so professionally the praises of the company 's product .
this is one of the best and entertaining tv commercials produced to date .
the quality of the movie print also makes this production of a somewhat lesser quality .
the color ink has faded much and that can not be helped .
to improve this film on dvd the production company should add english language subtitles so that we , who do not speak italian , can know what the lyrics are saying .
it would help the story and teach it more than the narrator giving 30 seconds of introduction to the scenes .
watch this film not because of the story of aida nor the fact that this is an opera .
aside from ms. sofia loren none of her co - actors are known nor remembered by this writer .
instead , watch this movie if you are a fan of ms. loren and wish to see her at age 19 -- no matter what the production is .
larry from illinois
sammy horn ( michael des barres ) is the head chef and owner of a famous restaurant in california .
he has a lovely wife , grace horn ( rosanna arquette ) , who is pregnant , and a beautiful son of about five years old .
sammy indeed loves his family , but like dr. jeckyll and mr. hyde , he has a double life , having sex with many different women .
dr. jane bordeaux ( nastassja kinski ) is trying to help him .
ok , it is my fault : i read the summary of the other imdb user comments , i saw the imdb user rating , but i really did not believe that rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski could participate in such a bad movie .
i decided to check it , and actually some comments are very complacent .
the storyline , the screenplay and the dialogs are so silly and laughable that even in some x - rated movies we can find more intelligent stories .
the photography is so amateurish and naive that in some parts it seems to be taken through a vhs camcorder .
michael des barres does not have sense of ridiculous : being an old man , bald , would be acceptable in an advertisement of viagra or grandfather of the small boy .
but as an attractive man who gets and has sex with any woman , it is scary .
in wood allen 's comedy , maybe he got a chance , but in a ` serious ' movie , it is funny .
i am trying to figure out why or how rosanna arquette and nastassja kinski accepted to participate in such awful , amateurish and trash movie .
do they need money ?
lack of chances in better movies due to their ages ?
are they friends of the ` director ' ( sorry for using this word ) and decided to help and promote him ?
i do not know whether the intention of rosanna arquette was to show her breasts full of silicone , but it is unacceptable that such a great actress accepts such a script .
the same is applicable to the gorgeous nastassja kinki .
she is presented fat , without make - up , without any glamour .
a total lack of respect with one of the most beautiful actress in the cinema history .
a fact is really intriguing me : how can a reader , without any personal interest , promote this trash , giving higher ratings or writing favorable comments about this movie ?
are they friends of the ` director ' ( again , i am using this word ... ) or the cast ?
it sounds very strange to me that a normal imdb reader can like such a film .
my vote is two .
title ( brazil ) : `
viciado
em sexo ' ( ` addicted in sex ' )
not good !
rent or buy the original !
watch this only if someone has a gun to your head and then .... maybe .
it is like claiming an elvis actor is as good as the real king .
imagine
the worst a - team episode add even more bad taste
remove humor
and you might get an idea of how despicable this movie is !
looks like a teenager stole daddy 's camcorder and filmed the explosion of his little sister barbie model house .
pathetic .
i 'm a big fan of b5 , having caught on only at the end of season three .
i faithfully watched all the previous seasons when it was syndicated , concluding that it was one of the most well - thought out story arcs to ever hit television .
even the filler episodes were interesting .
the movies , also , were well produced and as entertaining as anything to hit the theaters .
which brings us to ' river of souls ' .
naturally , after seeing everything else , i had high expectations .
martin sheen appears to be acting in an ed wood movie rather than a serious sci - fi story .
the story itself , might have looked good in outline form , even made it to the story board .
however , it suffers obviously when it came time to filling this notion out into a two hour movie .
there are no special effects to keep us entertained in the total absence of a compelling story .
there are places where they were obviously short of time and just improvised the dialog to fill the story out .
had this made the regular season , it would have rated among the worst of the episodes .
a well put together entry in the serial killer genre that unfortunately gets mired down in its own pretentiousness to be really satisfying .
willem dafoe is superb as a nyc detective trying to track down what appears to be a copycat using the same renaissance art - related killing techniques used in a series of murders he solved years earlier .
scott speedman is dafoe 's junior partner and they have pretty good chemistry ( at least for a while ) .
other characters pop up to conveniently tie the two cases together .
clea duval is the friend of an earlier victim and peter stormare is some sort of art broker / mentor to dafoe ...
that 's a bit hard to take , although stormare is , of course , never dull .
the film 's ending is particularly disappointing .
look fast for deborah harry as dafoe 's less than forthcoming neighbor .
anna lives with her family in a new housing estate just outside the city .
she has been with her husband sebastiaan for years and they do n't talk so much anymore .
while on a working visit abroad , a female colleague commits suicide .
anna is deeply impressed by her death , even though she hardly knew her .
nobody seems to know why she took her own life .
for the first time anna realizes that one can be an unknown among your most dearest .
anna does n't mention the incident back home and starts observing her husband and child .
guernsey is the story of a woman who suddenly starts looking at her own life .
and she wonders how she got so drifted apart from the people
closest to her.(this is my translation of the dvd cover text synopsis .
i hope you find it useful , as this movie does n't have an imdb plot summary yet at this date . )
i 've never been a huge fan of mormon films .
being a mormon , i 've always felt that the humor was too exclusive to the lds community and made us seem like a bunch of obsessive wackos .
i was hoping this would be the breath of fresh air , the halestorm movie i could finally discuss with my non - mormon friends .
boy , was i wrong .
i figured , since this had b - list talent like clint howard , gary coleman , andrew wilson , and fred willard ( one of my favorites ) , this would have to be at least a little funny .
and besides , church basketball is ripe with potential for plenty of hilarious gags and such .
but i must say , throughout the entire movie , it seemed as though no one knew what they were doing .
every joke fell flat , and every opportunity for a genuinely funny gag went ignored .
the dialogue was bland , and the film had some of the worst character development i have ever seen .
every single character but wilson 's was less than one - dimensional .
it 's hard to believe that after nine re - writes the film was still as mind - numbingly stale as the train wreck i witnessed .
i ca n't put into words the rage i felt sitting through this .
my friends and i were extras in the final game scene , so we went to the premiere in washington city , ut .
kurt hale , the director , was there , and i must say , i avoided all contact with him after the show .
he waited at the door , seemingly ready for feedback .
i could n't bring myself to tell him that his film not only ripped away a good hour and a half of my life , but it left a nasty , painful scar that i will never forget .
here are a few specific problems i had
: there was a minor love story subplot between the janitor and the chubby piano player , but these two characters came out of nowhere , and were impossible to care about , so my friends and i were left constantly wondering why we were supposed to care about these two lame , uninteresting characters .
there were many subplots that popped up every now and then , each promising the audience the chance for laughs , but each one came and went in a puff of smoke , ending before you could even start caring .
this was pretty much how the whole movie felt .
this film was a major letdown , and i feel bad for everyone who 's expecting the first real funny mormon movie .
true , the jokes in this one are n't too exclusive to mormons .
then again , it 's hard to tell what was a joke and what was a loud ringing sensation in my ears .
please , do not see this movie .
keep in your mind the fantasy that this movie is hilarious .
spare yourself the disappointment i went through
carry on matron was released in 1972 and it 's becoming clear that the series has reached a natural end with the best entries like cleo , up the kyber and screaming
being from the mid to late 60s
in itself matron is by no means bad
it 's just that we 've seen it all before with a thin plot ( a bunch of spivs trying to break into a hospital to steal a supply of contraceptive pills which they plan to sell to third world countries ) surrounded by gags of a slightly amusing though unsophisticated nature .
i think that 's where the problem lies - the gags are n't all that amusing with the unsophisticated nature starting to show its age .
did we need another movie that uses a man dressed up as a woman in order to drive the plot ?
perhaps the worst criticism i can make is that i saw carry on matron this afternoon , less that twelve hours ago
and i have a problem in trying to remember a very funny line .
that 's a serious problem for a comedy
the plot for descent , if it actually can be called a plot , has two noteworthy events .
one near the beginning - one at the end .
together these events make up maybe 5 % of the total movie time .
everything ( and i mean _ everything _ )
in between is basically the director 's desperate effort to fill in the minutes .
i like disturbing movies , i like dark movies
and i do n't get troubled by gritty scenes -
but if you expect me to sit through 60 minutes of hazy / dark ( literally ) scenes with no storyline you have another thing coming .
rosario dawson , one of my favorite actresses is completely wasted here .
and no , she does n't get naked , not even in the nc-17 version , which i saw .
if you have a couple of hours to throw away and want to watch " descent " , take a nap instead - you 'll probably have more interesting dreams .
i did n't really expect much from " the night listener " and i actually never heard of it until i saw the cover in the videostore .
however , the movie is very effective when it comes to building up suspension and tension .
on occasion it drags a little , but it actually helps to keep you wondering what 's going to happen and more importantly :
when .
as the movie progresses , the character played by robin williams gets dragged into some kind of " cat and mouse " spiel to the point where he becomes obsessed with finding out the truth and existence about a 14 year old abused kid that no - one seemed to have ever seen in person .
the night listener is an interesting story , which is great in building up the suspense throughout the movie and you 're pretty much kept in the dark of who is lying and what 's real .
however , in the end it kind of disappoints and does n't live up to the potential it could have had .
it does n't really give you a detailed or plausible explanation about the other main character , which would have been helpful and interesting .
i watched this movie .
to the end .
and that was really not easy .
it is so boring , bad played and in nearly every detail stolen from " blair witch project " that you ca n't believe the makers take this serious .
even harder to believe , is how this " product " made it onto vhs and dvd.so , if want to see a horror - movie , just watch " scream " , but if you want to laugh out loud and have a good time , watching some kids running through the woods screaming at each other and showing of their inability , watch dark area .
wow , this was a very bad movie ... as read in other comments this movie has no plot , no character development , they possibly had some kind of script
but it 's difficult to tell based on the actual end result .
the editing of this movie was really non - existent , it tends to jump from scene to scene without any connection or anything to assist the viewer in determining what is actually happening .
all in all this is simply a low budget zombie flick that was not thought out at all , has bad acting , bad dialogue , bad everything .
the only thing that saves this movie from a 1 or 2 is the gore factor , i think this must be where they spent whatever money they had to try to justify making this .
unless you are ( like me ) dedicated to finding and watching all the zombie flicks you can find , do not watch this .
period .
admittedly , i find al pacino to be a guilty pleasure .
he was a fine actor until scent of a woman , where he apparently overdosed on himself irreparably .
i hoped this film , of which i 'd heard almost nothing growing up , would be a nice little gem .
an overlooked , ahead - of - its - time , intelligent and engaging city - political thriller .
it 's not .
city hall is a movie that clouds its plot with so many characters , names , and " realistic " citywide issues ,
that for a while you think its a plot in scope so broad and implicating , that once you find out the truth , it will blow your mind .
in truth , however , these subplots and digressions result ultimately in fairly tame and very familiar urban story trademarks such as corruption of power , two - faced politicians , mafia with police ties , etc .
and theoretically , this setup allows for some thrilling tension , the fear that none of the characters are safe , and anything could happen !
but again , it really doesn't .
unfortunately , the only things that happen are quite predictable , and we 're left with several " confession " monologues , that are meant as a whole to form modern a fable of sorts , a lesson in the moral ambiguity of the " real world " of politics and society .
but after 110 minutes of names and missing reports and a spider - web of lies and cover - ups , the audience is usually treated to a somewhat satisfying reveal .
i do n't think we 're left with that in city hall , and while it 's a very full film , i do n't find it altogether rich .
yaaaaaaaaaaaaaawwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwnnnnnnnnnnnnn !
= 8ozzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ...........
oh , um excuse me , sorry , fell asleep there for a mooment .
now where was i ?
oh yes , " the projected man " , yes ... zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ...........
ooops , sorry .
yes , " the projected man " .
well , it 's a british sci - fi yawnfest about nothing .
some orange - headed guy projects himself on a laser , gets the touch of death .
at last he vanishes , the end .
actually , the film 's not even that interesting .
dull , droning , starchy , stiff , and back - breakingly boring , " the projected man " is 77 solid minutes of nothing , starring nobody .
dull as dishwater .
dull as doorknob dust .
dull as ethan hawke
- we 're talking really dull here , people !
but wait , in respect to our dull cousins from across the puddle , the moocow will now do a proper review for " the projected man":zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ..............
< = 8 .
it was a disappointment to see this dvd after so many years .
for me the main problem 's the uneven script .
while some of it is witty and hip , quite a bit of it is dull , unfunny and lifeless .
many of the gags just sit there , lacking spark and energy .
of the cast , mae west and rachel welch come over well .
roger herren in the role of rusty shines ( too bad he did n't make more films ) .
but for my money , there 's just too much of john huston , and poor rex reed is n't hardly given a fighting chance .
his character seems relegated to skim around on the sidelines , wondering what he 's doing in this film .
the low user rating should give an idea as to the public 's opinion of this piece .
vidal 's original provided much potential that was pretty much wasted .
not even the ' classic ' film clips did much .
all in all a rather sub par effort , and it 's not likely to get much better with time .
i 've always been enthusiastic about period dramas , an art form in which the bbc has excelled in the past .
this presentation of " byron " was unbelievable .
unbelievably bad !
the script was dreadful , the acting uninspired , and all the characters woefully insipid .
apparently byron was " mad bad and dangerous to know " , and set the ladies hearts all - a - flutter .
not in this production .
here he appeared as a tawdry jumped - up little squirt instead of a fiery hero of womenfolk and the greek struggle for independence .
it is said that byron walked with a limp .
this portrayal of the man was just limp all over .
i watched the whole two and a half hours waiting for something to spark into life .
not a splutter , not even a glimmer .
it was utter tedium , if not downright boredom , from start to finish .
having the opinion that no - one will ever better the bard of avon , i also believe that byron 's poetry is over - revered and to my mind should be flung on the back burner , and this dramatisation of his life should be accorded the same treatment .
i think the bbc lost its nous with this one
this film is so bad , you ca n't imagine .
the acting is terrible , even worse than in third class soap operas .
an it is a shame that this movie was the most successful in the past 20 years in switzerland .
the interactions between the soldiers did n't make any sense at all .
the story could have been taken out from a bravo photo - story , the dialogues were as wooden as treebeard and the plot holes were bigger than the black hole in the middle of our galaxy .
but nowadays it does n't need much to satisfy the audience .
the actors were handsome for example the former miss switzerland and the main character was even hung ( woah ! ! )
and there certainly was much abuse of drugs .
that 's real cool man !
particularly for 12 and 13 year old teens .
but the media created an atmosphere in witch you was not allowed to reject the film because they manipulated the peer group dynamics by telling implicitly that you are a nerd if you do n't go along with the other ` sheep ' and say.yes that is exactly what it was like when i was in the army/
that 's exactly what i 'm going to do when i must go to the army .. to every cheesy action that had to do with drugs and coolness .
and do n't think i like the army .
i was there
and i hated it
but this film is worse than cleaning up the sticky toilet with a teeth brush ( which i was forced to do because i offended an lieutenant )
it is not necessary for every film to be sophisticated .
sometimes you only want to be entertained for a few hours and forget about problems and i think its not a bad thing .
but this kind of films influence teenagers to much by showing them a cool lifestyle which in fact is only stupid and turns them into brainless ignorant and egocentric idiots .
but since i now that my opinion is n't very popular i will be quiet now and recommend you to avoid this terrible flick at any costs and for that to save your wits!2/10(sorry for my bad english )
i am the guy who usually keeps opinions to himself , but i just got back from this movie , and felt i had to express my opinions .
let me start by saying that i am a huge horror fan .
but what makes a horror movie ?
i sure like to see even a tiny bit of a good script and character development .
i know they often lack in horror movies , but prom night looked like it did n't even put forth any effort in that department .
next , we all love suspense .
that on the edge of your seat suspense with unpredictable surprises .
yeah , prom night had none of that !
of course , we like a terrifying killer .
prom night have that ?
nope , it has a pretty boy with a cute lil ' knife .
and when all else fails ... at least horror has its guilty pleasure to make it enjoyable like gore gore gore , and the occasional nude scene !
yeah ,
well when you have a horror movie rated pg-13
like prom night , they leave that stuff out too .
so with all of these elements missing , i ask .... does this still count as a horror movie ?
nope .
i 'd call it more of a comedy .
people in my theater were laughing more at this then they were when i saw " semi - pro " that was supposed to actually be a comedy ( which also sucked , but that s another story ! ) .
i think i am just going to have to give up on new horror .
all the good horror movies of the good ol' days have been remade into garbage so movie studios can make money .
the people i went to see it with
did n't even know this was a remake !
which made me mad !
i wonder what will happen when there 's no more movies to remake ? ? ?
where will horror go next ? ? ?
i saw this film in its premier week in 1975 .
i was 13 years old and at that time i found it adequate and somewhat fun .
i then came to discover the world of doc savage through the bantam novels of the old pulp magazine stories .
i had no idea before any of this of the realm of doc , but i fast became one of the most avid doc savage fans you could ever meet .
i read ( and still own )
all of the bantam books , i started going to comic book cons ( along with star trek and doctor who and all manner of geeky fat kid events ) and had a wonderful time with each adventure i took with doc and the original fab 5 .
philip jose farmer 's book - the apocalyptic life of doc savage became a bit of a bible for me and to this day i have very fond feelings regarding my doc phase .
in so saying i have to admit now years later that this film really missed the boat .
it is a film that did not know what it wanted to be when it grew up .
the screenplay was infantile and bore little resemblance to the pulp story .
these stories from the 30 's were short and if one looked at lester dent 's ( aka kenneth robeson ) outline for writing them , they broke down into perfect 3 act dramas that screamed for screen treatment .
one would have thought that with george pal and michael anderson at the helm , it would have turned out better .
the spoof elements miss the target and the more serious moments almost get there , but then fall short .
it is interesting to watch though in that they hired second - string character actors ( guys that had really been only bit players and extras before this film ) who all acquit themselves very well .
paul gleason of course has gone on to be a fine utility player in all facets of entertainment and bill lucking is a television perennial .
all the rest have fallen off the map sadly .
i do wish to own a copy of this film as it is the only movie version of my hero , but i fear i will not watch it much as it is too painful .
i would say 0
but i give it 2 out of 10 instead for some of the period art direction
( doc 's answering machine at the end was a nice touch ) and the cast of 3rd stingers getting a moment in the sun .
the dvd was a joke , the audio for the first few minutes was terrible with sound out of sync and segals voice
not even his ! ! ! !
pathetic !
when the audio sync was better in about 5 minutes the poor plot , lines and actors should get another job because the movie business is not where any of them should be .
while segal had some good movies in the early days the latest ones are a joke and should be a an embarrassment to him and the company that made it .
if segal was the one that handled this he better return to having another party run the show , because he has no talent what so ever in this .
this film is a complete embarrassment to all involved in its production and a disgrace to all who viewed it .
i turned it off in about 20 minutes .
i will be asking for my money back at block buster !
mark from ontario , canada
this movie is just bad .
now that i 've gotten that out of the way , i feel better .
this movie is poor from beginning to end .
the story is lame .
the 3-d segment is really bad .
freddy is at his cartoon character worst .
thank god they killed him off .
and who wants to see roseanne and tom arnold cameos?the
only good thing in the movie is the little bit of backstory that we 're given on freddy .
we see he once had a family , and we get to see his abusive , alcoholic father ( alice cooper).other than that , all bad .
there are some quality actors in here ( lisa zane and yaphet kotto ) , and they do their best , but the end result is just so bad .
the hour and a half i spent watching this movie is and hour
and half i ca n't ever get back .
strange how less than 2 hours can seem like a lifetime when sitting through such flat , uninspiring drivel .
if a story is as personal as this supposedly was to sally potter , would n't you expect a little passion to show through in her performance ?
her acting was completely detached and i felt no chemistry between sally and pablo and the tango scenes , which should have been fiery given the nature of the dance , were instead awkward and painful to watch .
obviously , revealing such a personal story on film can be daunting , and as such sally potter would have been wise to let a better actor take on the task rather than let her passion fall victim to her own sheepishness .
the major fault in this film is that it is impossible to believe any of these people would ever be cast in a professional production of macbeth .
hearing david lansbury 's soft voice struggling laboriously with the famous " tomorrow , tomorrow , and tomorrow " speech made it impossible to believe anyone would ever consider him for the role .
i kept believing therefore that he did n't get the part because he was a lousy actor ; not because a bigger name was available .
then when we see portions of the play in rehearsal it is difficult to believe the director is not parodying things with a hopelessly miscast , misdirected travesty of actors who are unable to articulate or even understand the verse and directors who see the play through their own screwball interpretations .
sometimes directors are so anxious to have their films done ( and writers think they have the ability to direct their own works)that they settle for less .
this appears to be such an example .
michael jackson would have claimed a spot for the top - billed character in the golden child , and because he loves kids .
that did n't work ( and why should it ? )
, so instead we have eddie murphy out to save the world by rescuing " kid midas " .
i would strongly suggest all future scriptwriters to please thoroughly study the actor 's inane dialogue in this quirky fantasy - adventure - comedy
that 's a step closer to ishtar .
whatever murphy says or does can be best liked , but do n't get me wrong about his exquisite comical talent ; he does n't belong in this movie , and the same went for dr .
dolittle !
the violence and visuals combined are reasons to stamp it as a cult camp classic , and that would n't have made any sense as hollywood and movie fanatics kept cashing in on the guy .
speaking of visuals , they were pulled off amazingly well at the time of ronald reagan 's presidential fame .
murphy is far better at coming to america and 48 hrs , but this stale movie is n't my touch of golden honey for a sweet crunchy taste .
sixth escapade for freddy krueger in which he has finally managed to kill off virtually every youth in springwood ; now he wants to broaden his horizons and (
* * spoiler
* * ) needs a family member in order to do it .
a failure as a horror movie because it simply ai n't scary at all .
works better as a dark , macabre black comedy , to tell you the truth .
freddy krueger has now been stripped of all of his ability to chill this viewer .
( too many wisecracks , that 's for sure . )
the actors are n't interesting ( save robert englund , as always , and an obviously slumming yaphet kotto ) and there are simply far too many visual effects .
the finale is ok but does n't provide as many sparks as i think one might hope .
in adding a new twist to the familiar dream killer 's story , it provides englund the opportunity to do more non - makeup scenes than ever before .
there are cameos worth noting : a joint cameo by then - couple roseanne and tom arnold that is devoid of entertainment value , an appropriate appearance by veteran shock - rocker alice cooper , and a funny cameo by johnny depp that also sort of acknowledges the pop icon that he had become .
film debut of breckin meyer , who plays spencer .
one of the best things about it is the replaying of key scenes from earlier entries during the closing credits.4/10
if you enjoy films like american pie , road trip & van wilder ; avoid this cinematic refuse at all costs .
it is an unamusing , mean - spirited , insipid waste of resources that should never have been discussed aloud ; much less actually recorded and sold to unsuspecting consumers .
easily the worst film i have seen in the past 18 months ; mind - numbingly bad for the entire 86 minutes of it 's runtime .
had it been much longer , i would not have been able to write this review without using profanity .
consider yourself warned !
i really wanted to like this film , but the story is ridicules .
i do n't want to spoil this film ,
- do n't worry right from the begin you know something bad is going to happen - but here 's an example of how sloppy this film was put together .
the cowboy and " twig " ride up the ridge .
the cowboy has a handle bar mustache .
the cowboy and " twig " get into a shoot out and race half way down the ridge .
the cowboy is clean shaven through out the rest of the film .
sometime between the gun fight and the ride down the mountain the cowboy has had time to shave , in dark , on the back of a horse .
to be fair , the acting by the four main characters is solid .
i did nt think it was possible , but i have found film worse than ' body melt ' .
this film is really really bad !
and what makes it worse is that its another australian film ... shot on what looks like vhs , and with a terrible 80 's rock soundtrack , it just keep getting worse and worse , which is hard to believe seeing how bad the beginning is ( skinned male hanging up - side - down in a white tomato sauce
sprayed room
anyone?).and
why do their accents keep changing ?
from bad new york drawl , to prissy english , then pure aussie !
and it happens to the whole cast!this film
also claims to have won some film festival on the cover ( i believe it was the utah film festival ) .
this has to be a lie because no - one in their right mind would nominate this for anything ( perhaps the golden rasberries
but i thinks its too bad for that
aswell).come on guys !
this film has to be number 1 on the bottom 100 ! ! !
it has to be ten times a bad as those films already on there .
well done to the " film " makers of this trash , for proving there is a reason not to see films ..... 0/10
before i 'd seen this , i had seen some pretty bad christmas films .
but once i saw this , " jingle all the way " looked better than " the godfather " .
santa claus " is a jolly film about santa helping out some kids , but it almost feels demonic watching it .
santa 's jolly ho - ho - ho is replaces by an evil , devilish laugh that i 'm sure has turned many kids off of christmas .
the plot of this massacre is very strange , which fits along with all of the performances and dialog .
santa lives high above earth in the north pole where he , and kids from all around the world get ready for christmas .
but santa has an enemy named pitch , or satan .
pitch tries to ruin santa 's christmas by making three boys naughty , and by creating diversions , like moving the chimney and making the doorknob hot .
when pitch causes santa to be attacked by a dog , it 's up to santa 's helper pedro and merlin the wizard to get santa out of this pickle .
everything about this film , along with being downright bad , is so bizarre .
satan dances a lot and he actually seems much more merry than santa .
santa talks about delivering presents to all the boys and girls , yet he seems to only deliver to 5 houses of kids in mexico .
the reindeer are wind up toys , and when the reindeer laughs , i 'm amazed it does n't bring tears to kid 's eyes ...
it 's frightening .
everything is terrible .
the first 10 minutes are simply santa playing the organ while kids sing to it .
probably one of the strangest scenes is santa shooting pitch in the butt with a mini - cannon and uproariously laughing about it while pitch dances around in pain .
i think parents are better off telling their little kids about where babies come from , than showing them this .
the only positive is it will have you laughing hysterically if you can appreciate bad cinema .
my rating : bomb/
* * * * .
85 mins .
as we all know hollywood enjoys changing historical events around for our enjoyment , and 44 minutes is one of those hollywoodized movies .
for example the bank robbers never did go back in the bank when they started shooting at the lapd yet in the movie we see them go back inside twice !
another example is the number of lapd officers who were shot near the end of the movie , this is far from the truth !
but of course hollywood must have a good bloody ending so
they * add * some more blood and guts .
some events were combined and many of the lead actors played several different people but this is what hollywood has always done
so why complain ?
i guess the only sad part is that i have watched some one hour documentaries about the north hollywood shootout on tlc that were far better then this !
first of all , let me say that this is not the movie for people looking to watch something spirited and joyous for the holidays .
this movie is cold , brutal , and just downright depressing .
mary steenburgen plays a grinchy mom who is down on christmas because her husband has lost his job , they are losing their house , ca n't buy christmas presents for the kids , etc .
you get the idea , happy stuff for the holidays .
so along comes harry dean stanton as gideon the christmas angel , who in his dark hat and long overcoat comes off more like a pedophile who hangs around children all day observing them .
what better way to instill the spirit of christmas in mary steenburgen than to kill off her family and then offer to bring them back if she believes in christmas again .
santa claus is a blackmailer and his christmas workshop looks more like a haven for refugee nazis on the lam .
the movie lays everything on so thick that you do n't care about the happy ending when it comes because the rest of the movie is so bitter and unbelievable .
i 'm sure this film wanted to be something capra - like , but it left out the joy and sentiment on what a holiday film should be .
this movie 's full title is " waqt : race against time " .
that 's a race no one can ever win , but you can certainly cut your losing margin by not wasting any of your precious " waqt " on this bakvaas .
this movie was clumsy and manipulative in a way that made k3 g look honest .
it strained my credulity too far .
it was ridiculously stupid in its storyline , and deserves to be mocked for it .
it 's not quite as awful as baghban or black , but this movie has nothing to recommend it .
stupid , pointless , with a ridiculously ott performance by amitji .
the central " plot " is another nasty example of the crudely manipulative propaganda that infests so many " family " bw films .
if my father , who raised me , and who i love dearly , treated me like big b
did akshay
, i 'd shoot him myself .
to say nothing of the trivialising of terminal illness .
follow - up to 1973 's " walking tall " continues the real - life drama surrounding tennessee sheriff buford pusser , but this installment plays like a lame tv - movie .
bo svenson takes over the lead role from joe don baker , but he 's much too mild for the part ; he comes off like an ambling country singer with a bat instead of a guitar .
good supporting actors like richard jaekel , luke askew and robert doqui end up with very little to do .
i would give the film one - star strictly on its good intentions , but the screenplay is a transparent and lazy mass of routine predicaments and the production is cheapjack .
followed in 1977 by " final chapter - walking tall " and in 1978 by the television film " a real american hero " .
the danish movie " slim slam slum " surprised me to be the worst movie i have seen to this date .
i did n't think that it was possible to top my list of bad bad b - movies
but this one deserves the gold .
it 's not funny .
it 's bad acting ,
it 's bad filmed and the storyline is bad .
the only positive thing i can say about this movie is it has three girls in it .
i truly believe this flick has the potential to knock of the other danish movie " stjerner uden hjerner " as the badest danish film ever made !
and that 's truly something .
congratulations in advance !
how can anybody say that this movie is a comedy ? ?
if i had not gone with then my finacee i would have fallen asleep and asked for my money back .
i love gwen paltrow , but it was like she was on the wrong set .
i like most chick flicks , but i hated this one .
this is the only time i saw so much clevage and was not turned on .
those outfits were way overdone .
no one talks that way anymore
and i do n't think they even did then .
the dancing part was horrible .
my ex said to me later ...
"didn't
ya like that part ?
did n't ya think it was sensous ?
i said yes only to spare her feelings .
now i know why we never married .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
as long as you can suffer it !
if you like watching people waking up , getting up , getting dressed , having a shower , preparing dinner , watching each other , having sex in the dark , then going back to bed to sleep ... if you like tacky flats , narrow bedrooms and kitchens , long minutes of silence .... if you like getting bored for two hours , feeling the thrill of " real intimate false art " , then you will like it .
but if you do n't , just try to see a good movie , there are thousands .
" as long as you are here " , but do we want to stay ?
this german movie got the award of the torino gay film festival : italian journalists still do n't understand why the jury took such a bad decision , as the festival presented lot of talented movies .
maybe to be nice with a german , as they do n't often get awards ?
well , " the lives of others " did ...
but this one is excellent but not gay .
so maybe it is a question of fashion .
germans are they " in " again ?
no matter what ?
or maybe only for a hustler 's glance of some directors ?
sogo ishii can be a skilled filmmaker under the right conditions , but gojoe tells the story of a warrior monk and his only rival , a scion of the genji clan .
the film - making has the main hallmarks of a low - budget production , including blurry fight scenes and clumsy montages ( the kind you might find in an under - produced dorama ) .
the monk benkei informs his spiritual teacher that his destiny lies in defeating the mysterious spirit that guards gojoe bridge at night , but he does n't realize that this decision will bring him squarely into conflict with nearly every element of society at that time - but which could earn him enlightenment .
there 's no absence of ambitiousness , however , in its depiction of the conflict between the holy and the worldly .
artsy flourishes in some of the photography and editing help to compensate for the loose film - making style .
a disappointment .
am not familiar with the trilogy but came upon this film last night on showtime .
the film looked very well done with the set design and the cinematography , but the screenplay was stilted and wooden .
the acting was fairly bad- thought the two female leads were serviceable .
you never really believed anything the supporting actors said though .
there were the stereotypes- bible - thumping reverend without a hint of nuance , authoritative captain , hot - headed soldier , etc .
i am sorry to say that based on these deficiencies i clocked it straight away as canadian without knowing it to be such - the telefilm canada end credits gave it away .
i know i 'm a horrible person .
maybe i missed something in the beginning but the hostility towards the girls is never explained .
here they are besieged in a fort by werewolves and the men are wasting time and energy brutalizing two young women for no reason .
focus people .
there 's a bit more of a pressing situation beyond your walls than whether or not these girls are lesbians - that 's just my inference for the hostility directed towards them .
if they can aim and fire a gun you might as well make nice with them .
the question of their " immortal soul " can be resolved later .
also , i guess this relates to the rest of the trilogy , these girls are supposed to be the protagonists ?
one of them murdered the indian guy at the end that saved one of their lives .
i guess one is just a victim of her condition who ca n't be necessarily blamed for her actions , but the other is just a murderer who does n't deserve her happy ending .
let 's be honest shall we ?
al gore
no more truly cares about the environment than most folks care about contacting foot fungus .
it 's a hook !
make no mistake , al gore is a politician !
three years ago he was busted / ticketed in his home state doing 70 mph in a 55 mph zone driving not a hybrid , a yugo , or even a gm metro but a lincoln
( go google it if you like ) !
or how about the fact that mr. gore & his hollywood buddies continue to use a private fuel - guzzling jets to attend the premiers of " an inconvenient truth .
so much for conservation huh , al ?
anyway , it takes a mere minute to subjectively look at " an inconvenient truth " & discover the main fundamental flaw .
while the film parades out many seemingly impressive scientists to tell the audience the effects of supposed " global warming " there is not one scientist to tell us the supposed cause of it .
for example : i can take a hundred folks out to a parking lot & they can point out an automobile which is not running right .
but can they tell you with any degree of certainty
generally not !
a second flaw , just how accurate were the weather instruments 100 years ago ( the toilet was n't even invented yet ) ?
what did they have , a june bug in a match box ?
hell , even 50 - 60 years ago ?
therefore , how do we know with any degree of certainty that the planet is " getting warmer " when the records of yesteryear are highly questionable at best ?
or that man is the sole cause of it ?
the answer is we do n't & science is never a consensus .
thirty years ago , time magazine did a cover proclaiming a " new ice age " .
the truth is that any 6th grade science teacher well versed in earth science will tell you that volcanic erruptions , solar activity & el ninos have more to do with our eradicate changes in climate conditions than supposed " global warming . "
finally , what al gore fails to adequately address is ; even if america decides to follow the global gospel according to al & implement everything he recommends , how are we going to get the rest of the world to follow suit when we ca n't even get them to agree on something so obvious as terrorism ?
answer
: it 's wishful thinking , mr. gore & you being a former vp of the usa know it !
if the folks who produced " an inconvenient truth " were really honest , they would have titled their film
" al gore wants attention . "
but what i 'd really like is for someone to ask the former vp this ; why were two of the planet 's biggest polluters ( aka china & india ) exempt from abiding by the kyoto accords ?
anyway , i hear the producers of a.i.t are working on their next film entitled " gnomes , fairies & elves : our endangered friends . "
that 's incredible !
fidani ( who he was also a spiritist ) was one of the cheapest director of all the world .
this movie stole the original title of leone 's " duck you sucker ! "
but tell the boring story of a pinkerton agent against the killer " testa di ferro " ( the improbable gordon mitchell , a stuntman ) .
all is poor and crazy in this pelicula filmed into the dear landscapes of lazio .
the story is bad and crazy at the same time .
fidani was not able and ingenuos at the same time .
into the story happened some kind of crazy illogical things ( like the discussion into the sheriff 's house and the demential appearance of butch cassidy ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
yes , really butch cassidy , who is portrayed like an idiot ) .
terribles nuit americaine , absurd comportaments , illogic plot , bad acting and a fugace appearance by one of the most rewarded anchorman in the story of italian television , renzo arbore .
ah , of course : klaus kinski .
yes is great and terrible , but i 'm sure he was in it only for money
an for playing with iron horses )
2 of 10
but ... don't miss it ! ! ! ! !
times are tough for angel town , gangs rule with an iron fist and for reasons mostly unknown ( mainly due to embarrassing writing )
the gangs want a street kid , martine to join the gangs , so they beat him up everyday .
however due to the presence of an olympic kick - boxer ( olivier " world 's lamest actor " gruner ) named jacques , hope is on the way .
angel town is seriously one of the most inept message movies ever made ( and i 've seen my share ) it seems to consist of the idea that all gang infested neighborhoods need , are french kick - boxers who ca n't act .
worst of all there are so many awkward moments
it 's just truly hilarious .
best of all comes from the exchange between gruner and aragon which basically sums up how ridiculous this thing is .
to wit : " you like the fighting ?
( olivier grabs his asian best friend in a headlock )
i could kill him right ?
when i want him dead he dies !
the reason why i do n't want him dead is because i 'm afraid of him , and i know that if i kill him his son and wife will kill me
, that 's why he does n't die ! "
of course the fact that it 's wrong to kill someone , let alone your best friend is of course left out of the equation .
however do n't let me make this sound that i hated this movie ,
far from it , it 's so terrible
it 's priceless .
the biggest laughs come at the end in the disastrous finale which sees grunner going one on one with gang - members who ( the film 's biggest logic gap)decline the use of pistols .
also a handicapped vietnam vet helps out by shooting his machine gun at the gangs , while gruner kick - boxes the rest .
all of this set to the sound of horrible " mexican " accents and surreal energy that make this one memorable for fans of cinematic trash such as this .
the other treat about this movie , is that for some reason olivier gruner never attends college despite
that 's the main reason he 's here in the states and not in france getting it on with his girlfriend ( in a graveyard in the film 's awkward beginning )
angel town is without a doubt a failure on all conceivable levels but if you laugh at moronic martial arts movies with insane levels of action that make no sense on any level , this is the perfect movie for you .
on the other hand make sure to down tequila , like the laughable opening song details
" ai n't no mercy in angel town " * out of 4-(bad )
its christmas eve and lazy and submissive housewife della ( kim basinger ) receives some violent threats from her troubled and abusive husband .
leaving her twin children in bed she ventures off into the night for one last shopping spree at the local mall .
its busy there and finding a parking space is nigh on impossible , della takes umbrage at one motorist who parks in two spaces , she leaves them a note saying as much .
returning to her car after visiting the shops she is confronted by some yobs , yup the owners of the car she left a note on , they are very angry and want some fun with her , a kindly security guard steps into assist her , but things get out of hand and the guard is shot , della flees with the now murderous yobs in hot pursuit , they shoot at her
, she looses control of her car and crashes , quickly grabbing her toolbox from the trunk , she hides in a deserted building site , but is soon caught , just before they try to rape and kill her , from her magical toolbox
she produces a wrench , wounding their leader " chuckie " , she manages to escape again into the nearby woods , in the fracas one of the gang is killed , it just happens to be the black guy
here the night gets worse for all involved as a deadly game of cat and mouse ensues .
a similar plot line to eden lake drew me to this , but that is where the comparisons end .
this is a brainless and dumb film , shockingly scripted and horribly acted by all involved , the doe eyed disney - esquire twin kids are horrible to watch , but its lukas haas as chuckie , that must take the plaudits in the bad acting department , although he is given a run for his money by the equally awful husband .
as a film its plot line is completely telegraphed all the way through , even in the set up early on della 's cell phone goes dead and then in the shops her credit card has been cancelled by her hubby and she has no cash and its christmas eve , now where could they be going with this
i wonder ? ? ?
the only surprising part of this $ hit is when after killing all the clichéd bad guys with the contents of her magic toolbox , she demands chuckie to f@ck her , if my jaw had not already been on the floor at this films awfulness , it would surely have dropped and smashed on the floor .
even the ending is messed up , all the feminist grannies wanting their pound of flesh are left utterly disappointed ..
i did n't think i could be further disappointed , but then i saw that guillermo del toro produced this dreck
the premise , while not quite ludicrous , was definitely ridiculous .
what should have occurred , by the second encounter with tritter was that tritter should simply be wasted .
house hires some guy and de - physicalizes tritter .
in real life , tritter would have been hauled up for harassment , the rectal thermometer episode would have been exposed in court , providing motive and opportunity and the hospitals lawyers would have made mincemeat out of tritter and the particular department he worked for .
he would be in prison as would anyone complicit in the harassment of house , chase , foreman , cameron , wilson and cuddy .
the lawsuit would have won house a tasty settlement , enough to keep him supplied with vicadin well into his old age .
while tritter would wind up somewhere driving a cab , trying to rehabilitate himself by doing good for people for two years before people tumbled to the fact that they 'd seen it all before .
do n't get me wrong , the movie is beautiful , the shots are stunning , and the material is dramatic .
however , it was a big disappointment and i actually left very angry at what disney had done .
bbc 's planet earth was all of the above and more .
it was subtle .
it had an overall feeling of balance and showed the full circle of life and death .
there was tragedy and triumph , loss and gain .
it was balanced .
disney 's edit of earth is none of this .
they tried to make it a movie us americans would talk about .
they made it dramatic .
they put an over the top musical score there to frighten us .
they made predators evil .
they made walruses evil .
they showed every encounter as negative .
it tried to be suspenseful and succeeded , but at the expense of the lesson of balance .
the movie was an hour and a half of negative portrayal and only about 10 minutes of positive .
i am all for preventing global warning , but this was over the top political and environmental junk .
that 's another thing , i went to see it on the big screen , but was disappointed in the picture quality .
it looked better on my tv at home .
if you want to see something like this and get the whole picture , go out and buy , rent , or borrow the bbc 's planet earth series .
it is better lessons , better sound , and ( if you have blu - ray)better picture quality .
having grown up in texas , and less than 15 miles from what used to be gilley 's , i can tell you that this movie is nauseating .
the majority of texans do not live like this movie indicates .
the plot is weak , and the fake accents are amusing , and it reinforces the stereotypical image that all texans are beer drinking , honky - tonkin ' ,
rednecks .
the horribly fake texas accents is what kills it for me .
true , there is a certain texas twang to most texans ' accents , but these people overdo it .
you ca n't get someone from new jersey and ohio to do texas accents .
it just does n't work .
john travolta should have stuck to disco - dancing or the 50s .
debra winger was more convincing as wonder girl than she is as a texan .
not very impressed .
its difficult to offer any spoilers to this film , because there is almost no development in the plot .
everything becomes clear in the first ten minutes and from there on its like watching paint dry .
the acting seems very poor as well , and reminds me of the old black and white maoist era films shown occasionally on daytime chinese television .
although this is difficult to tell with the female role , yuwen , as the story seems to only require her walking round like a wooden mannequin .
it reminds me of fading star gong li who somehow got a reputation as a good actress in the west for having a scowl on her face all the time .
tian zhuangzhuang 's film the ' blue kite ' was a far better film .
but do n't be fooled by the fact that springtime in a small town was set in the late ' 40s .
unlike the blue kite , the fact that this film is set in a time of upheaval is irrelevant to the plot itself , the ruins of the town seem to be nothing more than a scenic backdrop .
i wonder whether tian zhuangzhuang is simply trying to ride on the popularity of chinese films in the west and appeal to a foreign audience who ca n't tell the difference between a film that is ' beautiful ' ' profound ' or ' hypnotic ' and one that is simply tedious and insubstantial .
if any film fits the description of ' overrated , ' this is it .
i see no reason here to stop worrying about the state of the chinese film industry .
the tragedy of the doomed ship titanic has inspired many books and movies .
the battle between nature and technology always caught man 's imagination .
the latest film concerning this tragedy in the atlantic ocean was written and directed by famous action movie filmmaker james cameron .
the story of " titanic " involves two fictional characters ( leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet ) from different backgrounds ( one is a hobo - artist , the other is an aristocrat ) and how their love triumphs over societal barriers and the tragedy of a sinking ship that they happen to be on .
first of all , although using a historical name , this movie had little regard to history .
the plot was built around two fictional lovers , french diamond , and treasure hunters .
the deaths of over a thousand of people on the greatest luxury ship of its time became a mere background .
many historical facts were simply forgotten .
where was the radio operator that ignored the iceberg warnings ?
why was there no mention of the ship that was only 5 miles away from the titanic but did not come to the rescue because its captain failed to identify the distress signal ?
omitting these facts is an insult to the tragedy .
and what was the point of flavoring this historical disaster with fictional cheesy romance when the story is already as sad as it is .
the overall plot was rather shallow ; rich equals greed and corruption , poverty equals compassion and heroism .
it is very ironic to spend $ 200 million to make a movie about how money corrupts .
there was absolutely no human side shown in anti - heroes .
it seemed like billy zane was playing a part of the devil .
casting was also very poor .
if dicaprio was 2 inches shorter than winslet , you could swear she was his baby - sitter .
the length of the movie was unnecessarily stretched to over 3 hours .
first hour and the half was wasted on establishing the relationships between the characters that were known to audience long before they went to theater and the dialogue that was used to do so made it even worse .
hearing corny pick up lines such as " i see you " and " this is my side of the ship " generated more pain than the screams of drowning people .
also , jokes were too abundant and rather lame .
"titanic
" did involve some moving scenes such as the part when the musicians were playing while the ship was sinking but they were no way near anything original .
the best thing about this film were its special effects , and that is the only thing that truly deserved an award .
although this film lacked artistical value in overall sense , the public could not resist a sentimental story starring romeo ( dicaprio ) , and so the movie became a success .
now it is safe to say that the industry will be less hesitant to invest large amounts of money in a single motion picture , so it seems that " titanic " did achieve something after all .
i had to stop watching this film ( a pseudo - intellectual product for pretentious film viewers ) twenty minutes into it because it was mediocre and dull enough to inspire yawns , not to mention that i was soon near tears over the $ 3.99 i had wasted at blockbuster .
joanna pacula 's acting and her awfully rendered slavic accent are sufficiently terrible to set one to gritting one 's teeth .
i knew that two hours of her would be two hours too many .
both breuer and nietzsche are played by unremarkable actors of strikingly few talents .
while we 're on the topic of talent , breuer 's supercilious assistant appears to have been pulled out of a local acting troupe .
she clearly has not learned her craft .
in fact , she 's really quite awful .
all the public scenes looked staged , with the extras walking mechanically about in their sunday best .
turning this film off was far more satisfying than turning it on .
do n't rent this terrible movie .
you will be sorry you spent your money .
unless you are between the ages of 10 and 14 ( except for the r rating ) , there are very few things to like here .
one or two lines from kenan thompson , david koechner ( we really should see him more ) and sam jackson are humorous and julianna margulies is as good as she can be considering her surroundings , but sadly , that 's it .
poor plot .
poor acting .
worse writing and delivery .
the special effects are dismal .
as much as the entire situation is an odd and awful joke , the significant individual embedded situations are all equally terrible .
if we consider the action portions , well there are unbelievable action sequences in some films that make you giddy
and there are some that make you groan .
this movie only contains the latter kind .
this leaves little left .
i 'm so glad i did not pay for this .
despite any hype , i can read and think , so as i sat down to watch , i did not expect anything good .
i had no expectations , but was somewhat worried going in .
yet , like a train wreck , one can not merely look away .
and even with no expectations , i was let down .
not even ' so bad , it 's good ' material .
i 'm _ very _ tolerant of bad movies , but this makes " six string samurai " ( which i liked )
oscar worthy .
no , this piece of over cgi'd rubbish is in the same company as battlefield earth , little man and gigli .
how this is currently rated a 7.2 completely mystifies me .
brainwashing or somehow stacking the voting system is all that i can think of as answers .
i could go on and on but suffice to say that tonight , i witnessed a train wreck .
i need to go wash my eyes .
1 of 10
as i said , the book was pretty good and this might have been a good movie if melissa gilbert had n't been so horrible and unbelievable in the lead roll .
what kind of accent was that suppose to be anyway ?
it sounded the same as her horrible russian accent in another movie that i have seen her in .
every time she opened her mouth i cringed .
it took 3 tries before i was able to watch the entire movie .
brad johnson was good as the other lead .
i really liked the beach location scenes .
they added some much needed brightness to take your mind off of melissa gilberts depressing portrayal .
i think they could have used san francisco views more to their advantage though .
it looked like the night scenes were actually sf , but i could be wrong .
i do n't recall the character in the book being this depressing .
please keep melissa gilbert out of any future movies that require an accent !
back in his youth , the old man had wanted to marry his first cousin , but his family forbid it .
many decades later , the old man has raised three children ( two boys and one girl ) , and allows his son and daughter to marry and have children .
soon , the sister is bored with brother # 1 , and jumps in the bed of brother
# 2.one might think that the three siblings are stuck somewhere on a remote island .
but no -- they are upper class europeans going to college and busy in the social world .
never do we see a flirtatious moment between any non - related female and the two brothers .
never do we see any flirtatious moment between any non - related male and the one sister .
all flirtatious moments are shared between only between the brothers and sister .
the weakest part of gladiator was the incest thing .
the young emperor commodus would have hundreds of slave girls and a city full of marriage - minded girls all over him , but no -- he only wanted his sister ?
if movie incest is your cup of tea , then sunshine will ( slowly ) thrill you to no end .
so the other night i decided to watch tales from the hollywood hills : natica jackson .
or power , passion , murder as it is called in holland .
when i bought the film i noticed that michelle pfeiffer was starring in it
and i thought that had to say something about the quality .
unfortunately , it didn't.1 )
the plot of the film is really confusing .
there are two story lines running simultaneously during the film .
only they have nothing in common .
throughout the entire movie i was waiting for the moment these two story lines would come together so the plot would be clear to me .
but it still hasn't.2 )
the title of the film says the film will be about natica jackson .
well it is , sometimes .
like said the film covers two different stories and the part about natica jackson is the shortest .
so another title for this movie would not be a wrong choice .
to conclude my story , i really recommend that you leave this movie where it belongs , on the shelf in the store on a place nobody can see it .
by doing this you wo n't waste 90 minutes of your life , as i did .
" a stage company cast finds themselves terrified when a bizarre killer known as ' the fiend ' targets them for death .
a pair of reporters and their clumsy photographer set out to work the story of ' the fiend ' and find themselves targets as well .
just as you think our trio of heroes has the case solved , you 're thrown another twist that has you wondering who the killer really is , " according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
taking " the hunchback of notre dame " to hollywood , producer sam katzman 's lack of studio settings probably helps " a face in the fog " look interesting , especially toward the end ( 1930s traffic ) .
the direction could be improved upon ; for example , the camera angle on the fight scene is not helpful .
the budget appears slight .
under the circumstances , most of the silent / talkie crossover cast perform it amiably .
a face in the fog ( 2/1/36 )
robert f. hill ~ lloyd hughes , june collyer , al st. john
the movie 's premise is spooky : a woman gets pregnant when kissed by a stranger in a bar .
but as soon as the movie begins , a horrible opening scene establishes that this is a c type sci - fi tv movie .
it 's a big star trek and a bit x - files , but more than anything else it 's boring .
when the movie kicks into action everything is predictable and cliche .
it looked more like a 2 parter in a bad sci - fi tv series .
no suspense and no thrills , but not for a lack of trying .
just a lot of predictable dramatic conflicts between the main characters .
don't waste your time .
if deborah messing were not already cast as " grace " , this might be a tolerable film .
however , it is simply another story of a frustrated spinster with issues , who hires a paid escort ( dermot mulroney )
she reads about in a time magazine article to travel to london for her sister 's london wedding .
how new is this plot?neither funny , nor remotely romantic , the wedding date slides over the storyline of deceptive sex by bride and best man , and paid for escorts to pass off the film as four weddings without hugh , and definitely , a dead end deal for the naive groom who is ignorant to the sexual history of his bride ( amy adams ) .
while messing has perfected the repressed princess , 30- something woman with a failed relationship history , her neurotic and drunken moves on yet another faux beau is simply the restating of her tv series .
if this woman is an actress , get a role that does not rehash what is already on prime time .
lots of drunken female bonding , cricket visual jokes , and mulroney in a towel ( nice ! ) , but the film is a bore with the obvious happy ending .
expected messing sequel : divorce date .
pere is an idiot , but he is aware about it and acts in consequence .
his life is totally boring and he does n't know how to change it .
when his last friend , nicco , dies .
he feels totally empty and he decides to go out to become drunk .
when he is returning home , he crashes with a girl that puts advertisements .
although she ignores him , he fells in love and starts to follow her , obsessively .
well the beginning of the film is a bit slow , and can result boring for most people .
however , as action begins , it is a little better ( not much ! ,
maybe , the best part is the 5 minutes of sex ( almost 30 different scenes about it ) that you can see in the middle of the movie ; it is not good for the erothism , but for the funny and unexpected that is the scene .
probably it is the best of the film .
neither the actors nor the directing is good , and the results is a boring film that that can result funny for some people ( not for me ) .
all the film is based on absurd situations ( idiot , as the film says ) , that have anything interesting .
i like ventura pons , but i have to admit that this is not one of his best films ( maybe his worst ! )
, he knows to do it better .
i loved the original .
it was brilliant and always will be .
strangely though , i actually looked forward to seeing the re - make .
i 'm usually a little bit against re - makes because there 's far too many of them , but somehow this intrigued me .
i was really enjoying it to begin with .
caine brilliant , as usual , and jude law managing to hold is own next to him .
it was quite clever how it was modernised and it was working .
what stops this from being really good is the last seven minutes .
it goes completely away from the original , so far in fact that is ceases to be clever and just gets annoying .
the end in the original was fantastic !
so much tension was built up and it was unbelievably clever !
this ?
it grows not in tension but in frustration as it seemed they decided to make caine 's character a homosexual .
it was if they were trying far to hard to be different .
and then ... bang !
law 's dead .
roll credits .
this film is worth the watch simply for the performances , but those last seven minutes really do drag it down .
what a pity ....
with this cast and budget you will expect more .
john cusack has made a number movies that border on the strange , yet still work .
neither he , his sister , nor sir ben could do anything to save this travesty of trite poorly written garbage .
the movie is nothing more than a series of sight gags and poor ones at that .
the plot goes nowhere , the writing is contrived , senseless and the characters paper thin .
if you think of a movie as being three dimensional where the story and characters bring a depth to the imagery , this stinker comes across as flat as steamboat mickey .
dan akroyd 's appearance in this brought back memories of another truly awful movie , 1991 's nothing but trouble .
frankly this movie is the type of project that kills careers and gets agents fired .
i watched this film for 45 minutes and counted 9 mullets .
that 's a mullet every 5 minutes .
seriously though , this film is living proof that formula works .
if it ai n't broke , it do n't need fixin .
a streetwise - yet - vulnerable heroine , a hardened ex - cop martial arts master with a heart of gold and a serial killer with ' issues ' .
pure magic .
i must agree with the very first comment : this movie sucks very , very hard .
despite having a very big b - list cast , the cover of this film ( for those who are n't watching it on comedy central during a weekday which is probably the only exposure this film will ever get ) tries to put the blame on dangerfield but in reality is just a paycheck for every has - been comedian from the ' 80s .
randy quaid ?
check .
ed begley , jr ?
check .
the voice of lisa simpson ?
she can now say that maximum overdrive was n't her only horrible flick : double check .
and so many , many others .
the saddest thing about this flick is that it was so lazily written with already - told jokes .
nothing about this movie outside of its existence is funny .
you 're better off watching paint dry .
this is definitely direct - to - video scraping - the - bottom - of - the - barrel stuff that still believes in the old video adage : throw an old - time star on the cover
and you 'll get some money back off of the rental .
considering the days of video rental are changing , consider this one of the last examples of putting out garbage .
the only use this movie has if you 're having trouble falling asleep .
it 'll get you there .
director kevin connor and wannabe action - hero / romantic lead doug mcclure , re - team in this ghost story set in japan .
they had been moderately successful together in the 1970 's , with the likes of ' the land that time forgot ' ( 1975 ) , ' at the earth 's core ' ( 1976 ) etc .
without plastic monsters to carry the narrative along though , the results are shabby and derivative in the most corny way .
the film begins with a prologue set in the 19th century , with a samurai husband killing his wife and her lover before committing suicide .
a move forward to the present introduces married couple ted & laura , visiting japan and moving in to the house where the tragedy took place .
no surprises as to what happens next , with the spirits of the dead starting to take over the new inhabitants with family friend alex ( mcclure )
assuming the role of the wife 's lover .
everything rumbles clumsily along with the elegance and grace of a charging elephant , to an inevitable ( but surprisingly downbeat ) conclusion .
main points of interest are two feeble decapitations ( ' the omen ' has a lot to answer for in promoting this as a standard horror set - piece ) , and the love - making scenes featuring the doe - eyed but extremely kinky susan george .
the first is a long
' do n't look now '
inspired piece with her hubby , complete with piano music ; the second a much shorter ( probably at her insistence ) entanglement with mcclure , both looking pretty uncomfortable .
anyway , every cloud has a silver lining and both scenes show of her fantastic knockers so all is not lost .
overall i ca n't decide whether ' the house where evil dwells ' is rubbish , watchable rubbish , or entertaining in a masochistic kind of way .
if you 're not into the genre there is nothing here at all , but for horror fans there is probably enough to provoke the odd rye smile and appreciative nod of respect for effort .
best scene - in any other film
the big , black , tree - climbing , japanese - muttering mechanical crabs would have stolen the show .
they are eclipsed though by the legendary family meal scene , where a ghostly head appears in the daughters soup .
on seeing this apparition she asks what kind of soup it is ( ! ! ! ! ) , to be told beef and vegetable , before uttering the immortal line " ugh - there 's an awful face in my soup " .
if this was n't enough the reply is " c'm on , eat your soup for daddy . "
laurel & hardy rest in piece .
yet another film about a tortured self - centered , arrogant , unfeeling hateful , self - destructive lead character we are supposed to care about .
don't get me wrong
i am very open to all kinds of off the wall movies that have as the lead character a strongly self - destructive character .
what i object to about this one is that there is so little background to this guy .
why did this guy hate himself and the world ?
had the script dealt with this more they might have managed to elicit some sympathy for him .
as it is he just comes off as an unpleasant hateful character , not tragic , just hateful .
after taking great pains to make this guy as crazy and anti - social as possible and making his fate as dark as possible the writer then has the nerve to make a happy ending ....
this is not the worst film i have ever seen but it is in there putting up a good fight !
do n't waste your time .
what a shame that a really competent director like andre de toth who specialized in slippery , shifting alliances did n't get hold of this concept first .
he could have helped bring out the real potential , especially with the interesting character played by william bishop .
as the movie stands , it 's pretty much of a mess ( as asserted by reviewer chipe ) .
the main problems are with the direction , cheap budget , and poor script .
the strength lies in an excellent cast and an interesting general concept-- characters pulled in different directions by conflicting forces .
what was needed was someone with vision enough to pull together the positive elements by reworking the script into some kind of coherent whole , instead of the sprawling , awkward mess that it is , ( try to figure out the motivations and interplay if you can ) .
also , a bigger budget could have matched up contrasting location and studio shots , and gotten the locations out of the all - too - obvious la outskirts .
the real shame lies in a waste of an excellent cast-- hayden , taylor ( before his teeth were capped ) , dehner , reeves , along with james millican and william bishop shortly before their untimely deaths .
few films illustrate the importance of an auteur - with - vision more than this lowly obscure western , which , in the right hands , could have been so much more .
this was not the worst movie i 've ever seen , but that 's about as much as can be said about it .
it starts off with some good atmosphere ; the hospital is suitably sterile and alienating , the mood is set to " eerie " .
and then ... nothing .
well , somethings .
just somethings that clearly do n't fit in ...
and no effort is made to clarify the connection between the bizarre and yet not particularly intimidating critters , and the hospital they 've taken over .
i mean , come on , biker duds ?
some band watched a bit too much gwar .
my personal favorite was the head demon , who looks rather a lot like a middle - aged trucker desperately attempting menace , while simultaneously looking like he 'd really like prefer to sag down on an afghan - covered couch , undo his belt , pop a can of cheap beer ( probably schlitz ) , and watch the game .
honestly , i 've seen far scarier truckers .
at truckstops .
drinking coffee .
wwwwoooooohhhhhhoooooooo ! ! ! !
scary!!the other monsters are even more cartoonish , and even less scary .
at least , on the dvd , the videos give some explanation of their presence in the hospital ...
they apparently just randomly pop up in places , play some bippy " metal " , and cause people to be dead a bit .
barring a few good special effects , and acting that is not entirely terrible given a lack of decent writing , there 's just nothing here .
it 's a background - noise movie only .
" the bat people " is a really bad film that deserved the mst3 k treatment just as well like that other film " the creeping terror .
it , we are in some sort of mountainous terrain full of bats .
we see many things happen , like bats flying out and attacking and stuff , station wagon chases , mishaps at the emergency room , and much more !
all this , plus the cheesy mediocrity of the 1970s ( hey , think " mitchell " here ! ) , making " the bat people " actually one of the very best of the last " mystery science theater 3000 " episodes made in the series !
moviewise , it 's awful .
it should be avoided like the plague , unless tom servo and crow are watching with you .
bat people " - more like " the bad people ! ! ! ! ! "
lol1/10 of course ! ! ! ! !
possible spoilers , perhaps .
i must say that " cinderella ii :
dreams come true " is one of the worst movies ever made .
first of all , the movie was made during the height of disney 's sequel rampage .
it was created around the same time as " the little mermaid ii , " " the jungle book ii , " and " peter pan ii , " all of which were disservices to their original film classics .
( disney also made " the hunchback of notre dame ii " and " atlantis ii , " but i 'm going to drop that topic because their original movies were never really classics in the first place . " )
let me go ahead and say that i am an avid supporter of good disney films , and i absolutely adore the original disney " cinderella .
the sequel to " cinderella , " however , was a waste of time .
the character of cinderella in the sequel was so very unlike the original girl that i grew up watching .
in the original , cinderella was kind and loving .
the new cinderella had very out - of - character moments with current - era phrasing like , " i 'm going to do this banquet my way ! "
let me also tell you that new cinderella ( as i have affectionately named her ) says , " ewww ! "
that is the anti - cinderella .
i try to find the best in people , but in the sequel , anastasia , one of the stepsisters , is good !
what the heck ?
they made it all out to be like lady tremaine and drizella are just horrible family members for poor little anastasia .
my question to the world
: did the people at disney watch the original " cinderella " when making this sequel ?
well , it surely does n't seem so .
if i remember correctly , anastasia was just as abusive to cinderella as drizella and lady tremaine .
i am all for redemption and forgiveness , but there was no point of redemption for anastasia in this movie .
in the first one , anastasia was evil .
in the second one , she is good .
one just ca n't leave a story like this .
i hope disney realizes that this movie , among other movies , is shaming walt disney 's name .
perhaps now that michael eisner is gone , things will start shaping up around the house of mouse .
a doctor who is trying to complete the medical dream of transplantation is experimenting secretly on corpses from the hospital with varying success .
his final best chance comes when he lovingly wraps his girlfriend 's head in his jacket as he rescues it from a burning vehicle .
i was looking for cheese and
with this premise i believed i found it .
it has everything everything that bad movie hunters look for - chest and brain surgery with the surgeons leaving with pristine white scrubs , unique camera angles ( i always love watching the rear passenger wheels of cars ) , cheesy clarinet stripper music , and one of the longest death scenes in movie history .
but unfortunately these so - bad - they - are - good moments ca n't overcome the too - bad - they - stink stretches .
jan in the pan annoyed me , with her droning monologues in a hoarse whisper , the somewhat less than evil laughter , and the fact she was kept alive with some columbian home brew coffee and 2 dd batteries .
i could n't even entertain myself with dr bill 's horrid overacting and moral self righteousness .
usually such ham makes these movies a must see in my opinion , in this case i was bored with it .
the best part of the movie in my opinion was the 1960 's version of " body shopping " and i even found myself nodding off during that .
don't spend money on this one - there are better bad movies out there to entertain your sick sense of humor .
have you ever wondered what would happen if a couple of characters from beverly hills 90210 were thrown into a thai jail?if so , this is your movie .
this is midnight express for the mtv crowd .
that would be ok , but the story was poorly executed .
contrived plot twists , poor dialogue and unresolved issues abound .
this slight film did not earn the right to be as cryptic as it ends up being .
potential spoiler and impossibly preposterous plot line - the faux tension filled moment when the hotel employee discovers the girls do not have a room there and is about to kick them out .
( this moment is innappropriately played with the same solemnity and gravity as the moment when they are arrested at gunpoint ) .
later the same hotel employee is somehow found - and bangkok is a big city , mind you , i ve been there- and testifies against the girls , as if a couple of free mai tais warrant 40 years in prison .
c'm on .
rent another day in paradise instead .
the movie starts with a pair of campers , a man and a woman presumably together , hiking alone in the vast wilderness .
sure enough the man hears something and it pangs him so much he goes to investigate it .
our killer greets him with a stab to the stomach .
he then chases the girl and slashes her throat .
the camera during the opening scene is from the point of view as the killer .
we next meet our four main characters , two couples , one in which is on the rocks .
the men joke about how the woman would never be able to handle camping alone at a double date , sparking the token blonde 's ambition to leave a week early .
unexpectedly , the men leave the same day and their car breaks down ..
they end up arriving in the evening .
when the men arrive , they are warned about people disappearing in the forest by a crazy ralph doppleganger .
they ignore the warning and venture into the blackening night and an eighties song plays in the background with lyrics about being murdered in the dark forest .
the men get lost .
in the next scene we realize that this is n't just another the burning clone , but a ghost story !
the women , scared and lonely are huddling together by the fire .
two children appear in the shadows and decide to play peeping tom .
well they are obviously ghosts by the way their voices echo !
their mother appears with blood dripping from a hole in her forehead and asks the two ladies if they 've seen her children , before disappearing of course .
the children run home to papa and tell him about the two beautiful ladies by the river .
this causes quite a stir and he gets up , grabbing his knife from atop the fireplace .
daddy 's going hunting , " the little girl , exclaims with bad acting .
it is apparent here , that the dad is n't a ghost like his children .
freaked out by something in the woods , the token blonde splits , running blindly into the night , carrying a knife .
she encounters the father who explains he 's starving and it will be quick .
this does n't make sense because of the panther growls we heard earlier
( maybe he 's allergic !
are panthers honestly even in california ? )
she ends up wounding him slightly before getting stabbed in the head .
a thunderstorm erupts and the men seek shelter , which turns out to be where papa resides .
clearly someone lives here because there 's a fire and something weird is roasting over it .
the children appear and warn them of papa , who shows up moments later .
they disappear as soon as he arrives .
for whatever reason , our killer only goes after females .
he invites the men to have something to eat and tells us the story about his ex wife .
we are given a flashback of his wife getting caught cheating .
the old man does n't tell them however that he kills her and her lover afterwards , but daydreams about it .
we are n't given the reason for the children 's demise .
the men go to sleep and are left unharmed .
the next morning the men discover the empty campground of their wives .
after a brief discussion they split up .
one is to stay at the campsite , while the other goes and gets help .
the one that is going back to his car breaks his leg .
we are then reunited with the children as they explain to the surviving woman that they are ghosts who killed themselves from being sad about their mother .
they agree to help the woman reunite with her friendsthe following scene defies the logic of the movie when papa kills the guy waiting at the campsite .
he was also dating or married to the blonde .
somehow the children realize he is murdered and tell the woman about it .
she decides to see it for herself and obviously runs into the killer .
luckily the children make him stop by threatening to leave him forever .
you know where this is going .
overall the movie deserves four stars out of ten , and that 's being generous .
for all its misgivings , the musical score is well done .
it 's still watchable too .
there are some camera angles that look professional , and some of the sets are done well .
the plot is unbelievable .
there is such a thing as willing suspension of disbelief , but with the toad 6 miles away ; i ca n't imagine the token blonde would take off like that in the middle of the night .
i mean , come on!- alan " skip " bannacheck
this film is definitely a product of its times and seen in any other context , it is an incredibly stupid movie .
heck , even seen in its proper context , it 's pretty bad ! !
mostly , this is due to a silly plot and very self - indulgent direction by the famed italian director , michelangelo antonioni .
in this case , he tried to meld a very artsy style film with an anti - establishment hippie film and only succeeded in producing a bomb of gargantuan proportions .
the film begins with a rap session where a lot of " with it " students sit around saying such platitudes as " power to the people " and complaining about " the man " .
considering most of these hippies have parents sending them to college , it seemed a bit silly for these privileged kids to be complaining so loudly and shouting revolutionary jargon .
a bit later , violence between the students and the " establishment pigs " breaks out and a cop is killed .
our " hero " , mark , may or may not have done it , but he is forced to run to avoid prosecution .
instead of heading to mexico or canada , he does what only a total moron would do -- steals an airplane and flies it to the mojave desert !
there , he meets a happen ' chick
and they then sit around philosophizing for hours .
then , they have sex in one of the weirder sex scenes in cinema history .
as they gyrate about in the dust , suddenly other couples appear from no where and there is a huge orgy scene .
while you see a bit of skin ( warranting an r - rating ) , it 's not as explicit as it could have been .
in fact , it lasts so long and seems so choreographed that it just boggles the mind .
and of course , when they are finished , the many , many other couples vanish into thin air .
oddly , later the couple paint the plane with some help and it looks a lot like a peter max creation .
despite improving the look of the plane , the evil cops respond to his returning the plane by shooting the nice revolutionary .
when the girl finds out , she goes into a semi - catatonic state and the movie ends with her seemingly imagining the destruction of her own fascist pig parents and all the evil that they stand for ( such as hard work and responsibility ) .
instead of one simple explosion , you see the same enormous house explode about 8 times .
then , inexplicably , you see tvs , refrigerators and other things explode in slow motion .
while dumb , it is rather cool to watch -- sort of like when david letterman blows things up or smashes things on his show .
aside from a dopey plot , the film suffers from a strong need for a single likable character as well as extensive editing .
at least 15 minutes could easily be removed to speed things up a bit -- especially since there really is n't all that much plot or dialog .
the bottom line is that this is an incredibly dumb film and i was not surprised to see it listed in " the fifty worst films " book by harry medved .
it 's a well deserved addition to this pantheon of crap .
for such a famed director to spend so much money to produce such a craptastic film is a crime!two final observations .
if you like laughing at silly hippie movies , also try watching the trial of billy jack .
also , in a case of art imitating life , the lead , mark frechette , acted out his character in real life .
he died at age 27 in prison a few years after participating in an act of " revolution " in which he and some friends robbed a bank and killed an innocent person .
dang hippies ! !
do n't really know where to start with one of the worst films i have had the displeasure to watch in a very long time .
from the setting which was quite obviously and very clear to anyone who has visited london for even 1 day will agree ... was not london .
to the much unexplained way how snipe 's character managed to escape the country back to the us without a single problem .
then he convinces the girl and grandmother to visit him in america , how on earth did grandma agree to that ... he 's an assassin !
well that 's the ending how about during the film
, well unfortunately that did n't fare much better .
we have british cops driving an amazing range of cars , i 'm sure it was an eighties vauxhall belmont which chased the taxi after the assignation , but a modern subaru imprezza escorting the prison van in a few scenes prior .
so19 or whoever the gun toting arm of the met they were trying to portray was happily running around the streets with their guns out chasing after snipe 's along with the cia .
there were children walking around , but the police were still stating they had a clear shot to shoot him , does this happen in london ?
it does n't , i live there .
we also have the very implausible travel from central london to the airport ( let 's say heathrow for arguments sake ) within 5 minutes of receiving a call .
we also have terrible american accents , a young girl who 's posher than the queen , but lives in elephant & castle .
what does it say for british police when helicopters and a number of officers at snipe 's location ca n't find snipe 's and he manages to evade capture by hiding behind some stairs ?
the train station was obviously not even on uk soil and the fight scene sound effects were terrible .
the plot was also extremely poor , boring and been written and filmed a lot better a thousand times before .
but there were a few notable actors cast in this film , what were they thinking and please do n't let that sway you to watch this film !
this film did n't seem to know what it wanted to be , if you are going to concentrate on the dramatic aspects from the aftermath of an assignation
then you need a strong rigid plot with plausible scenery and setting , this is something the viewer has time to take in and appreciate
and if you do it wrong then you notice it .
if you want an all out action film ( which this is not ) then continuity and scenery can be put to the side .
okay first of all , i did n't sit down to watch the premier of a " star trek " series to see a cowboy flying around in space .
this is how a normal enterprise episode works1 archer finds a nebula or something aloung the lines of that and wants to take a closer look
but it might destroy the ship.2 he sends a shuttle into the nebula and and the shuttle get damaged ...
in all of the episodes i have seen , all of the problems are happening because of archer 's stupid mistakes .
oh and did you see the preview of one episode showing archer and t'pol kissing ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
i was planning to watch that episode
but after that i totally gave up on enterprise and turned to tv right off .
come on ! ! ! !
this is star trek!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!also
what was with the banana slug ? ?
in one episode , hoshi had a banana slug but had to leave it behind for some stupid reason .
okay fine , little dumb to bring you
pet slug in space but whatever .
okay that was what i thought until they left it on a desert planet ! ! ! ! !
a banana slug cannot leave in a desert ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
how dumb are these writersany ways , just saying if enterprise is on don't watch it ! ! ! ! !
he really lost the plot with this one !
none of his distinctive trademarks here at all , an uninteresting plot and completely terrible acting make this his worst film ( in my opinion ) .
even his trademark gore is gone , bar one scene in an operating theatre .
oh well
, at least his next film ' nightmare concert ' showed that he could still shock when he wanted to ...
where to begin ?
how about with the erroneous synopsis : " x - men origins : wolverine tells the story of wolverine 's epically violent and romantic past , his complex relationship with victor creed , and the ominous weapon x program .
"his epically violent past turns out to exceptionally non - violent .
his relationship with creed is so glossed over it 's difficult to understand how they have any connection at all .
we are thrown from one point in the opening scene that shows them as children on the run , to a montage of war scenes that they have fought in throughout their long lifespan , and finally to the present where they are a part of a hardcore government team of assassins .
there is nothing by way of showing their relationship as brothers at all .
nothing complex is laid down for us to believe is authentic or even loving .
the romantic element of the movie between silverfox and wolverine was forced and abrupt .
we are thrown into a romance so fast that it 's over before you can blink an eye .
having just introduced the character , silverfox is killed off roughly fifteen minutes later .
we are left wondering why we should care about this .
who was she anyway?for a pivotal element of this weak revenge driven story , the romance is surprisingly unexplored .
it was rushed in simply because it was required .
oddly enough , when wolverine finds that his love is dead he leaves her in the woods to rot as he goes off to find sabertooth .
being the romantic that he is this was out of character for him yet necessary to serve the plot in pulling off a very predictable surprise .
as for the weapon x program , lets just say that after the painfully crippling procedure wolverine is up and running .
eventually he arrives at the home of a conveniently old yet overwhelmingly loving couple .
surprisingly ma and pa kent are n't alarmed when finding a naked sweaty man in their barn .
is it any wonder what fate awaits them?in the previous films and the comic books , the main reason that wolverines ' amnesia plagued him partly hinged on the fact that he was said to have been viciously evil and coldblooded .
knowing this was the case ... did he really want to remember such horrors or keep them hidden and continue his current more positive lifestyle of fighting against the villains of the world alongside his team mates?as hinted to in x2 :
x - men united when stryker gives up some of his secrets
it is said that wolverine would be disturbed if he had known of the evil works they committed together .
this film sets up the team fairly well only they do n't really do much of anything .
no disturbing violence , no ruthless actions , they merely harass a few natives in foreign lands for the ten or fifteen minutes they are on screen .
it seems that wolverine was n't an evil man under stryker at all .
instead he was constantly trying to put a leash on his brother sabertooth which consequently was the violent agent we all thought wolverine was .
eventually he just leaves all together .
no conflict of duality here at all .
idiotically removing that character conflict of good and evil dulled the story immensely .
they may as well have given him rubber claws .
there were a ton of other errors in this film that contradicted the x - men trilogy , including the introduction of one of the lamest deus ex machinas to ever hit a script .
magic memory - erasing bullets .
really?apparently they are the only thing to bring down wolverine .
yet this was apparently forgotten when agent after agent was sent to bring him down with bullets and bombs that would surely not work on him at all .
another problem with this film is that it tried to focus on wolverine while throwing in a ton of other mutants which did little to nothing at all .
interesting characters were mere window dressing and did nothing for the story .
most were in the film for 5 - 10 minutes max and yet you find yourself wishing we saw more of them
and less of wolverine .
fred dukes
( the blob but not the comic version ) can punch a launched tank missile with little to no physical damage to him at all , but a simple headbutt from wolverines metal noggin is enough to daze him?cyclops optic beams ( which instead of being concussive force are now more akin to lasers ) can burn through buildings but when fired at sabertooth directly it simply smashes him into the ground without even damaging his clothes .
adamantium trench coats anyone?the ( gravity defying )
mutant gambit , instead of utilizing his signature cards , is made into some sort of crazy acrobat .
in one poorly edited scene he is knocked unconscious by wolverine ...
then amazingly enough a few minutes later he is on a rooftop running towards wolverine .
how he regained consciousness , ran away a few blocks , climbed up a building , then ran back to wolverine and sabertooth in the middle of a scratching match is a mystery yet to be explained .
some have excused this films weakness by claiming it was made from a comic and therefore should be weak on character and heavy on flash .
the idea that this movie being a comic film is flimsy and superficial because of that fact is incorrect .
the comic book source material , the real origin of wolverine ... is a story worth bringing to the screen .
it does n't sugar coat his past nor treat the reader like mindless cgi junkies .
it is a well crafted story and although retold and readjusted over time , began with weapon x by barry windsor - smith .
a much more intense and exciting story .
this fox film should seriously be forgotten .
anyone have that magic gun?4/10
some movies just leave me speechless .
this was undeniably one of those movies .
when i left the theatre , not a single word came to my mouth .
all i had was an incredible urge to slam my head against the theatre wall to help me forget about the last hour and a half .
unfortunately , it did n't work .
honestly , this movie has nothing to recommend .
the humor was at the first grade level , at best , the acting was overly silly , and the plot was astronomically far - fetched .
i hearby pledge never to see an other movie starring chris kattan or any other cast - member of snl .
i did n't like this film at all !
first of all , i do n't know why , but everyone here says , that clémence poésy 's play is excellent , which in my opinion is absolutely wrong !
she is not like natasha : another appearance , another character ...
what 's worse , she is a very unexperienced actress and that 's why she was n't able to play this role !
she disfigured the heroine completely !
that was really disgusting to watch her play !
to my mind , that would be much better to give this role to a russian actress , because that would be much easier for her to understand the russian soul for a russian person .
unfortunately , kutuzov looked like a drunk man , who has n't shaved 2 weeks and defeated a battle in which he lost his eye ...
( thank 's god , in this film there 're some actors , whose play was awesome !
i suppose , that alessio boni coped with his task very well !
i was pleasantly amazed !
he is one of the few people who 's read the book , which is very important for the play .
in addition , i liked plays of our russian actors , that was really wonderful to watch them ) )
the only thing i liked in this work was very beautiful views and amazing dresses !
my advice is to read the book and to understand a real sense ,
the aim , with which leo tolstoy wrote this masterpiece , and maybe realize the whole idea of the book ... 1 from 10
the wonderful " z " channel in los angeles showed this pia zadora film about six months or so after " butterfly " .
i had such high hopes for the actress , and then she goes from bad to obviously worse in this film .
again , it was the 80 's
and i got ta tell you harold robbin 's work had been eclipsed by smarter writers .
jacqueline susann ripped into him ( she hated his way of writing women ) , irwin shaw 's work caught on with many women , and of course sidney sheldon had his kingdom in the late 70 's early 80 's and then came jackie collins who made women stronger and as equal to men in every way in her books , even more so .
which is why this work smelt .
harold robbin 's work in the 80 's just did n't catch on with audiences .
pia zadora acting in one of robbin 's work was like throwing kerosine on a fire .
the supporting cast was not a help either .
oooooh ...
this was awful to look at then and even 20 more years later , it looks even worse .
i had a hope for pia as an actress and it all got shot to heck when this was done .
it would be tough for pia to redeem herself as an actress ( although john waters casting her in " hairspray " was a spark ) although she has a nice singing voice .
hey , pia , wherever you are ...
hairspray may go on tour !
join the show .
you may be the biggest comeback story yet .
i just hope they burn this film for ya if you do .
the movie is actually too slow .
there are some nice images but it can not outweigh the fact that the movie is in fact boring .
you see a sexual intercourse a lot of watermelons and a sexual intercourse while eating a melon and maybe a little bit more .
it may sound even interesting to someone but believe me to watch it for 2 hours is n't fun at all .
though you laugh several times but it 's really not enough and it may be more out of despair and disbelieve than out of fun .
to disturb the boredom director tries to put few movie video - clips into the movie .
they are really colorful clips of absurd songs maybe from the 50 's
but it 's hard to say exactly and they are trying to be funny so hard that it 's really sad .
several times you have a feeling that the plot could evolve into something , that a powerful scene is being created but at the end it just somehow evaporates
and that 's it .
beside the clips there are hardly any dialogs let alone music .
the director is trying to be original and artistic at all cost .
personally i can not recommend the movie .
i believe that art is something that should n't be boring .
during the projection there was yawning all around the cinema which just corroborates my short review .
it seems that salvatores could n't decide what to do with this movie : some of it is a very weak thriller (
and i say very , very weak ) , some of it is an attempt to explore the relationships between the main characters .
both things have been tried in psychological thrillers , but in this case the movie can not hold things together , due to poor , superficial scripting , bad acting and a too dark , too dull cinematography .
i 'd say that salvatores gave his best in other genres and in other settings , where he was free to look at the characters without having to think about the plot .
on the whole , a b - movie , hardly worth your money ...
vote : 4/10
having read many of the comments here , i 'm surprised that no one has recognized this as basically an overlong remake of a twilight zone episode from 1960 called " mirror image , " starring vera miles .
rod serling did a much better job of creating an effective spooky tale in 24 minutes than sean ellis did in 88 minutes with this tedious snooze .
a short piece can be effective with a mysterious and unexplained ending , but in a feature film , there should be a bit more substance and the story should make sense .
sadly , substance and sense are two things missing from " the broken . "
yes , it has some moments , but they are not enough to justify your time .
some further observations : although this is clearly a contemporary story , not one character in the movie has a cellphone !
and even though a car accident is the event that gets the story going , there is never any reference to an insurance company , to the person who was driving the other car , or to the police who would have been required to do a report .
my advice : skip this bore and watch the original instead !
please make me forget .
please .
please .
this is the worst film i have ever had the misfortune to watch .
i consider the film an insult to my brain as well as my backside who both have suffered from me sitting and watching this film .
i have yet to see what damage it has caused my sight and my ability to complete sentences .
what a load of garbage ! !
and do n't get me started about the acting ...
someone please help me forget ! ! "
weird science " -- come back ! !
everything is forgiven ...
i am " proud " to give this film the first 1 here at imdb ...
and i 've voted for hundreds of films ...
many of them c**p
but this is so bad i ca n't even believe it .
someone actually came up with the idea and thought it was worthy of becoming a film ?
someone actually read the script and decided to produce the film ?
someone read the script and auditioned for it ?
someone saw the film and decided * not * to put it on a shelf to collect dust for eternity ?
these * are the questions i want answers to .
not the philosophical question about that tree in the woods and well , you know ...
this is not as funny and gory as the dvd box claims .
i really love twisted and wierd movies , but this one is really just dull !
it 's one hour of ripped off penises , flying baby born dolls and a lot of rape !
i think the intention with this amateur sleaze , was to make a it's - so - bad - it's - good movies , but it fails .
it 's just bad !
a few scenes are ok , but in whole it 's a mess .
if you like amateur splatter like this one ( only way better ) i would recommend andreas schnass ' violent shit 2 and 3 .
weak plot , unlikely car malfunction , and helpless fumbling characters .
at first i thought this movie was made during the seventies , since the picture quality , as well as the storyline and drama seemed taken from an old kojac episode .
when i checked and found that it was really made as late as -97 i was astonished .
this is by far one of the worst and least ( thriller ) movies i have ever seen .
if you read this , be advised , if you see it you waste time when you could have done something more exciting , like watching paint dry .
thin story concerns two small town brothers and their struggles over family honor .
david morse is the responsible , straight - laced cop and ' good ' brother ; viggo mortensen , the ' bad ' boy , is a former soldier and ex - convict .
as an actor ( particularly in his earliest years ) , sean penn seems to have modulated his performances under the method .
turning first - time writer and director for this arty , obtuse drama , he works his script and characters out through the same methodical process , slowing the pacing down to a crawl ( ostensibly so we can catch every nuance and inflection ) .
this approach might be fascinating if there were three - dimensional characters to care about , but photogenic morse and mortensen are n't really convincing as siblings .
worse , we expect more from prominently - billed veterans charles bronson and sandy dennis , who hardly get a chance to come through with anything interesting .
the picture is balky with turgid sequences , a wobbly narrative and confusing editing ( always slanted to point up the artistic excesses ) .
penn 's tricks with the camera show off a talented eye , yet they are mostly an irritation .
from * * * *
direction must be the problem here .
i recently heard john cleese speaking of working a skit for fawlty towers .
he was supposed to attack his car with a branch .
the first branch was too flimsy and not funny .
the second branch was too stiff to be funny .
the third was just flimsy enough to be funny .
this sort of attention to detail is missing from " corky romano " .
no matter how embarrassingly unfunny a comic bit was , it was n't fixed , and was n't left on the cutting room floor .
the one value i can find in this movie is as a study of a very flawed movie which somehow escaped into distribution without being repaired .
i've scanned dozens of other reviews here .
the number of reviews praising this absolute waste of time bolsters my suspicion that some people are getting paid to promote titles .
i ca n't fathom how anyone over the age of 9 could rate this title more than a 4 , max .
i mean , come on , 5 is average .
i ca n't imagine anyone , even those making money off of this , rating it even as much as average .
this makes my list of the 10 worst movies of all time .
and , hey , i actually like the three stooges and can even tolerate ed wood !
with a title like that , it 's above and beyond my comprehension how this movie just did not appeal to me .
granted , there 's a few decently sleazy moments and a little gore , but the way in which the movie was shot and the overall storyline just struck me as an idiotic and lazy attempt at profuse " shock " tactics ...
the inconsistent plot starts with a guy raping and murdering a woman stranded at the side of the road .
he and his abetting brother are imprisoned up until the brother breaks out and arranges to meet his girlfriend out in the woods .
he ends up forcing her into a house where they screw
and he later shows her a collection of kidnapped guys in the basement .
the heavily drugged captives consist of her old boyfriend who raped her , a " grabby " neighbor , and her sexually abrasive boss .
he explains to her that he is going to kill them all .
she winds up killing him and then turning her focus towards the men ( or pigs ) whom she tortures and kills , herself ...
most of the violence and humiliation has to do with sh!t eating and genitalia destroying - all of which are far from disturbing and essentially mild .
the best scene is a graphic broom handle masturbation followed by some painful man - rape ...
surely , " i spit on your corpse ,
i p!ss on your grave " was intended as an unofficial sequel to "
i spit on your grave " - based on , mainly the title , and a reference the main character gives - suggesting her mother was camille keaton .
i personally consider that to be a wildly blasphemous assertion !
this movie is a boring , amateurish mess that strives for shocks but failed miserably ...
this film is just a shame .
orlando , florida seems to becoming a more recognized filmmaking area ( like vancouver 's rise to prominance ) .
the brothers was shot in central florida and this short film is a bit of a setback for the area ( which made great strides with the indie film walking across africa and the great hbo miniseries from earth to the moon).i will try to be as honest as possible .
i think orlando was the perfect place to film the brothers .
it had the potential to give a new spin on the ' boy band ' craze .
after all , both n'sync and the backstreet boys come from this area .
but , the brothers falls short probably because of a weak script .
both lead characters are flat with almost no development ( part of this could be the amatuer actors , but some of it is certainly the way the script was written).also a problem is the choice of jokes .
many of the jokes are too repetitive
( they do come off funny the first time , but it does grow to be a bit boring ) .
some of the ' concert ' scenes are staged poorly ( and many of these scenes also do n't seem to move the story along in any way).i had high hopes for this one , but alas its a disappointing effort .
i also hope the best for the upcoming feature based on this short .
but i think the best thing for filmmaker john figg is to move to different genres ( quickly ) .
comedy is n't his strong suit .
but , its indisputable that he definitely is one of the more prominant filmmakers in the orlando area ( its just a shame that right now he 's infamous , not famous ) .
where to begin .
this movie started out as something that seemed like a rip - off of " darkness falls " .
an old , disfigured woman living in the woods , giving kids presents for their teeth .
sound familiar ?
then it changes .
in " darkness falls " , the tooth fairy only killed you if you saw her .
the tooth fairy in this movie killed you no matter what .
why did they need the rocker , his hippie girlfriend or the bubbas and their sister ?
i think the movie would 've been fine without them .
it seems like the producers sat around and decided that they needed to put extra people in the movie just so the tooth fairy would have people to kill .
although , it 's nice to see a pretty blonde girl not being portrayed as a bubble - head for a change .
okay to rent ,
but i would n't suggest buying it .
that shall be a documentary ?
i saw it ( which is forbidden in germany ) and i have to say , that it was the worst documentary i 've ever seen .
it is nothing but one big lie from the beginning to the end .
who can doubt after this trash that all jews were supposed to be killed in the concentration camps ?
i rented i am
curious - yellow from my video store because of all the controversy that surrounded it when it was first released in 1967 .
i also heard that at first it was seized by u.s. customs if it ever tried to enter this country , therefore being a fan of films considered " controversial "
i really had to see this for myself .
the plot is centered around a young swedish drama student named lena who wants to learn everything she can about life .
in particular she wants to focus her attentions to making some sort of documentary on what the average swede thought about certain political issues such as the vietnam war and race issues in the united states .
in between asking politicians and ordinary denizens of stockholm about their opinions on politics , she has sex with her drama teacher , classmates , and married men .
what kills me about i am curious
- yellow is that 40 years ago , this was considered pornographic .
really , the sex and nudity scenes are few and far between , even then it 's not shot like some cheaply made porno .
while my countrymen mind find it shocking , in reality sex and nudity are a major staple in swedish cinema .
even ingmar bergman , arguably their answer to good old boy john ford , had sex scenes in his films .
i do commend the filmmakers for the fact that any sex shown in the film is shown for artistic purposes rather than just to shock people and make money to be shown in pornographic theaters in america .
curious - yellow is a good film for anyone wanting to study the meat and potatoes ( no pun intended ) of swedish cinema .
but really , this film does n't have much of a plot .
dave ( devon sawa ) and his friends sam ( jason segel ) and jeff ( michael maronna ) have scammed their way through college .
when creepy ethan ( jason schwartzman ) discovers their secret , he blackmails them into helping him score with beautiful , good - hearted student angela ( james king).stupid and incompetent " comedy " - a lot more groan - inducing than laugh - inducing .
movie tries appealing to its target audience with its disgusting gags - but none of them work .
what 's more , it 's full of worthless , unappealing characters - and
schwartzman 's character is so repulsive he 's a major turn - off .
movie even tries using 50's/60 's sexpot / actress mamie van doren in the movie 's most outrageous scene .
yuck!!!further bringing it down are its utter predictability and the waste ( yet again ) of veteran comedic actor joe flaherty 's talent - when 's this guy going to stop accepting every role that comes along and do something worthwhile?all in all , the only thing i liked was james ( a.k.a . jaime ) king , who was very appealing - and deserved better .
this gets no more than one out of ten from me .
protocol is an implausible movie whose only saving grace is that it stars goldie hawn along with a good cast of supporting actors .
the story revolves around a ditzy cocktail waitress who becomes famous after inadvertently saving the life of an arab dignitary .
the story goes downhill halfway through the movie and goldie 's charm just does n't save this movie .
unless you are a goldie hawn fan do n't go out of your way to see this film .
giant crabs cursing in japanese ?
what was in that drink ?
a terrible movie , but laughable .
i love the invisible samurai ghosties running around .
drink much beer before you see this movie .
i rented " new best friend " hoping for a movie similar to enjoyable teen thrillers such as " gossip " and " the curve " .
instead , " new best friend " is much more like " the in crowd " , in which there are no thrills and the acting is incredibly phony . "
new best friend " is boring , and the events during the movie are the same .
skip this movie ...
it 's a waste of time .
as a southern baptist , it pains me that i must give a below average rating to an overtly christian movie .
there certainly are n't so many that i want to discourage film - makers from a genre that 's woefully under - exploited .
still , i must honestly say that " love 's abiding joy " is a typically low budget , low key , self - consciously christian film .
the plot is predictable , the acting mediocre ( i 'm being kind ) , and the editing atrocious .
as a tv movie it might have been slightly above average , but as a feature film it leaves much to be desired .
keep trying guys .
you 've got to have a movie about about real christians inside you somewhere .
might i suggest you turn to g. k. chesterton or c. s. lewis for some inspiration ?
do n't be deceived as i was by the ' glowing ' reviews quoted on the dvd box . "
wildly entertaining . " , " a seriously scary freakout . " , and the worst of all , " on par with jaws .
this movie is none of the above .
normally i do n't bother with writing bad reviews for films but
i ca n't believe this one is resting at a comfortable 7 on imdb .
it does n't deserve it .
after a so - so opening daylight attack by a monster created by , what else , chemicals dumped by lazy scientists , this movie goes absolutely nowhere and it goes there sloooowly .
basically and improbably , a girl is snagged by the monster ( i 'll give them points for a good creature design but
this ai n't no weta creation ) and her semi - comical family spend an hour - and - a - half tracking her down ... in the sewers surrounding the han river .
their search lacks any suspense - again , someone called this on par with jaws?-and by the time they find her
you realize it was all pretty much pointless .
other than that , a big bulk of the movie is committed to a government quarantine that culminates in one funny scene involving a guy spitting in a gutter in front of a crowded bus stop .
blech .
this was bad .
i 'm not kidding .
you want to see a rotten monster movie ?
rent deep rising .
at least you 'll save 30 minutes of your life .
well where do i start ?
i think it 's very insulting to the original annie with aileen quimnn .
i love the film annie , and i was expecting this to be a brilliant film , but i was so disappointed !
the acting is awful , the original annie came out a few years before i was born , i 'm now 25 and annie is still one of my favourite films , so
i was really excited to see annie 2 .
the acting was awful in the film , were any of the characters original ?
very badly written , directed and acted .
this is not a film i wish to see again , and any annie lover i recommend that you do n't watch this film because it will only leave you very disappointed .
the young girls singing is n't bad but still does n't compare to the original
" the cat 's meow " contains a few scenes that boast intelligent dialogue , and some fine performances , a few of which surprised me .
eddie izzard is more effective than i expected as chaplin ( partly thanks to an excellent hair and makeup job by some talented designer ) ; joanna lumley is compelling as novelist elinor glyn ; and kirsten dunst is winning as marion davies ( though why movies never use her real - life stutter is difficult to explain ) .
but these elements do n't add up to a successful whole .
the screenwriter seems to have worked very hard on certain scenes -- the meetings between davies and chaplin are particularly well crafted -- but not so hard on the big picture .
several minor characters do n't need to be there , and do n't behave consistently .
the basic plot is full of illogic ( e.g. , why does thomas ince think it 's a good idea to tell hearst something he really does n't want to hear ? ) , and the party scenes are repetitive and tiresome .
i 'd like to think a trip on hearst 's yacht was more fun than the movie indicates .
davies is characterized as a standard bubbly flapper type , which is n't really accurate , and the screenwriter 's ideas about chaplin and love are implausible .
strangely , bogdanovich , who seemed so connected to the thirties in " paper moon " , lacks a similar affinity for the twenties .
he insisted the excellent costume designer use only black and cream , which gives the party guests a very artificial look , and plays only the most stereotypical songs of the period ( e.g. , " yes , we have no bananas " ) .
when hearst insists everybody " charleston , charleston ! " it looks as if the actors had a ten - minute dance lesson just before the scene was shot .
the lives of silent film stars can make fascinating movies , i 'm sure , but not this time .
i was recently online looking at a site that featured public domain movies .
in their long list of films was this film
and i thought i must be hallucinating at such an offensive title and premise .
but , no , that 's really what it was .
and since the film was only about 27 minutes long , i decided to give it a try .
if it had turned out to be some porno movie , i would have stopped watching .
instead , it turned out to be the most bizarre film i have ever seen .
the danish production crew tried , with a budget of about $ 49 , to make a star trek - style film about a crew of very gay men traveling about the galaxy wiping out female oppression by killing all the women -- like they proceeded to do on the earth !
and in every case , they were met with cheers and thanks from the now gay men of the planet .
subtle , this ai n't .
with some of the most obscene and juvenile names of characters i 've ever heard , i do n't even think i can write them on imdb without having my review removed !
however , despite the utter crappiness of it all , it was strangely watchable and worth a peek .
but , as i mentioned already , due to the crude names and odd subject matter ( though no nudity ) , it 's a film for adults only .
by the way , this movie left me with 1001 questions as to who would make this , why make it and who was the intended audience ? !
it may not be the absolute worst thing i have ever seen , but it probably is the weirdest and possibly the most offensive !
this movie is very much like " flashdance " , you know that dance flick with jennifer beals .
that film is probably the most boring film i have ever seen since it 's not even bad enough to be funny . "
g.i. jane " is much better than that film , but that does n't say much .
here demi moore sweats a lot
and there 's high music
and we get to see her fight and everything , but it is certainly not very engaging .
i really think the idea behind the film is kind of interesting , but the script is too clichéd and
ridley scott ca n't do anything about that .
well , like i said ...
it 's better than " flashdance " ...
( 4/10 )
this is not the video nastie , but only because it came out in 1994 when they were presumably tired of the whole thing in britain .
it is 75 % a rehash of the boogeyman , and would have been banned for the same reason - whatever that was .
i was initially confused as i thought that annie ( kelly galindo ) may have been a different lacey , but she was someone trouble by psychic visions of a boogeyman similar to the one in the first film .
fans will immediately note that they are not the same person .
after seeing a murder in a bathroom , and also seeing the address as well , annie , her psychiatrist and a para psychology student who greatly resembles the guy on the cheap romance novels and butter commercials , head to the house , and , sure enough , it 's the same bathroom .
24 hours later a murder happens just as she described .
of course , we have no idea who this boobilicious woman is or why she was murdered .
then the movie shift to a rerunning of the boogeyman story with some extra footage that we did not see in the original .
notably , the boogeyman is shown unlike the original .
sadly , some of the good scenes were cut , but 90 % of it is there .
why rerun this film ?
did they find the footage in the trash ?
what was the purpose ?
we 'll never know and , despite the psychologist telling annie she is cured , we all know the bogeyman will never die .
i am not saying that night of the twisters was horrible , but it was far from great .
mediocre at absolute best .
i seems though that every time one type of movie is released , a second must be around the same time .
( think about armageddon and deep impact , volcano and dante 's
peak ) night of the twisters is really just twister except worse and with mundane special effects .
i have nothing against the actors who starred in it , even if they were n't great , it was the movie itself , the directing , the special effects , the whole storyline was just too strange to interpret .
a series of tornadoes strike a town and basically the movie is about people trying to find family and friends and deal with the damage .
i really do n't know why it seems as though duplicates of disaster movies are released almost in sync with each other , but this one would have been better with bill paxton and helen hunt .
too bad neither the animals or eddie murphy had anything to say worth saying .
this movie is just bland .
children 's movie ?
well , if you 're trying to get them to take a nap , then maybe .
it 's just 90 minutes of some eye - wrenchingly poor animal lip animation to quips that are n't funny .
and the lip - sync'ing makes the old godzilla films look brilliantly done by comparison .
meanwhile , eddie " pluto nash " murphy drones on with a suppressed understated delivery that is painful to experience .
apparently , he 's trying to modify his old manic persona , but to what ?
in short , all the magic and wonder of the 1967 original version is lost in this re - imagining , or whatever it is .
a town wants to bully some forest creatures and blame them for doing bad stuff .
no , really .
and pluto nash can psycho - babble with them .
things chain along with some stale jokes to a dull uninspired conclusion with no surprises .
rent the ' 67 movie .
or some old yogi bear cartoons .
if you have plenty of time to waste ... it 's ok .
it moves at a good pace but to pull this movie off it would need to be a little longer with a little more background on the sitter .
the acting is ok .
mariana klaveno as the sitter does the best job and is the most believable .
william r. moses played a pretty good part as the husband .
gail o'grady , as the wife , had a weak part and the reasons for her going back to work were not developed .
the ending is sort of silly .
like most of these sitter movies ... there are parts that are interesting ...
but overall it leaves you wondering why you spent the time .
a few years back the same persons who created paris , j'taime . , which was imperfect but very enjoyable ( my rating was a 7 ) , created this piece of garbage about new york city .
in paris , i love you ( j'taime)created a feeling for paris & it was made in many parts of beautiful paris .
in this current film , i did not recognize new york city , i did not feel that i was in the city of my birth .
new york does have 5 boroughs , i saw no scenes in the bronx , or queens , there is one scene in brooklyn,(brighton beach ) , i saw no scenes in times square or greenwich village/
no scenes of the beautiful hotels or theatres .
it does have a large cast , most of the performers were not even stereotypes , they were caricatures of the lowest sort .
the very few humorous moments are all of a course sexual nature or quite insulting to the many fine new yorkers that we all know & love ..
a few of the films nominated for the ' razzie ' awards were far better .
ratings :
* ( out of 4 ) 20 points ( out of 100 )
imdb 1
( out of 10)in my way of thinking
i think the title should have beennew york
, i hate you .
tobe hooper has made great movies
so i was certain this could n't be bad .
i did n't read any reviews and tried to watch this unintentionally humorous film .
at times this made me laugh , sometimes i almost fell asleep , sometimes made me almost cry for hooper .
i rated this 3/10 because its 1990 " horror"-movie and many interesting or funny things happened there .
throughout the movie i was thinking something like " they simply can't add more things in this movie ... " ..
but they did .
some tell this is some sort of firestarter clone but truly is n't .
it 's based on that idea
but that s all .
this is combination of horror , comedy , weird religion / god things , funny gore , simple effects , drama , horrible acting , unbelievable script .. and more.*spoilers
* story is : government tries to create ultimate weapon using nuclear power or something and fails , during process child is born for 2 test persons .
when mom sings to her child after the birth , both husband and wife burns and it is spontaneous combustion .
government buries whole thing and leaves this child live amongst other people and ...
then after x years this kid is grown up and realizes he has been born for a reason and whoa he can burn things with his brains .
then everything goes unbelievable messy nothing really explains anything
and ..
well when the government realizes " okay now he can set this fire thing to work
" they take him to normal hospital where is some nuclear toxic what they are going to use on this man because they could kill him , no
they ca n't shoot him no ! ..
and argh , i guess that s enough to tell
, i promise there is 100 more weird things in this movie .
well if you want good laughs watch this one .
gosh .
this movie commits what i would call an emotional rape on the viewer .
the movie supposedly caused quite a stir among the critics in cannes , but for me the final scene was just a pathetic attempt for a newbie director to get himself noticed .
hardly a voice in the discussion on the issue of violence , drug abuse or juvenile delinquency ( or any other issue , for that matter).the main character 's metamorphosis from good , but troubled boy to the vicious rapist is virtually nonexistent , whereas the rape scene ( being an over - dragged , exaggerated version of the rape scene from " a clockwork orange " ) is unbearable and i refuse to comment on its aesthetic values .
there are some things an artist should not do to try and achieve his / her goal .
at least in my opinion .
to wrap it up : shockingly brutal , revolting and not worth your time .
see " a clockwork orange " or " le pianiste " instead .
1940 .
a visit to the lodz ghetto in nazi - occupied poland , recorded by a german cameramen with the naive co - operation of the jewish community , is combined with archival footage , clips from international newsreels , and excerpts from related cultural films to portray the world 's jews as swindlers and parasites .
this ' documentary ' interprets jewish life from the viewpoint of traditional anti - semitism and nazi ideology .
a candid , cinematically - unique expression of racial hatred .
i personally find this film frightening and highly offensive .
one can only hope that such pictures as this will never reach the screen again .
... but i 've seen better too .
the story here is predictable -- a film crew trying to film a horror movie in a place where murders occurred .
three guesses what happens .
this is n't a total bomb -- the cast is fairly good with pros john ireland , faith domergue and john carradine giving the best performances .
it 's reasonably well - made -- for a low budget film .
just do n't expect any nudity , swearing , blood or gore ( the film has a very mild pg rating ) .
i was never totally bored -- it 's ok viewing on a quiet night .
i saw it on video -- it was a horrible print -- very dark and
some scenes were impossible to see .
still i did n't hate it and it does have a cool ending which surprised me
-- basically nothing happens up till then
so it catches you off guard .
worth seeing but only if you 're a horror film completest .
this film is a massive yawn proving that americans have n't got the hang of farce .
even when it has already been written for them !
the original film " hodet over vannet " is a witty comedy of errors that i would rate 8/10 .
it is n't just about a linguistic translation , but certain absurd chains of events are skipped entirely , robbing the film of its original clever farcical nature and turning it into a cheap " oops there go my trousers " style of farce .
i saw this dvd in my friends house and thought that this was a turkish action movie with some hollywood - not very big - names in it .
interested enough i decide to give it a shot later ..
it was a tough to bear experience believe me .
then , after finally seeing the credits roll
i tought '
we turks really suck at hollywood style film making ..
this is an insult to the heist|hostage movie genre .. '
but then wait !
i checked some names and no , they were not turkish names and
no , this was not a turkish movie ; on the contrary it was literally shot in america with an american director & crew !
that made me thinking - again!-
how on earth can you persuade names like micheal madsen , edward furlong or even arnold vosloo to take part in such a project ?
with money probably ..
that kept me thinking further ..
how can you raise such amount of money to offer them and a supposedly international cast ?
then all my meditation paid off
and i came to find the answer .
by hiring the cheapest equipment and crew that you can find .
and if you still have to difficulty in adjustin your budget then : by writing and directing the movie you are trying to produce - or vice versa
i do n't have any information on that- .
so bottom line this is not a bad movie as everybody are so anxious to present as ..
it makes you think -in
my case even meditate-
and there are a lot of movies outthere
that does n't give even that affect ..
this one at least makes you think ; it makes you wonder ..
it leaves you with disbelief .. and then it makes you wonder again ..
for every series that makes it to television , a 100 ideas are formed , 50 scripts are written , 15 pilots are made , and one , just one , actually makes it to production .
from such a selection process , we are lead to believe that the final product must be the cream of the crop , for what other reason could so many ideas be rejected to give us a single television series .
and so it goes with true blood ; all the stars were in alignment and what started as a series of novels was transformed into an idea , a screen play , a pilot , and finally a series .
unfortunately , it can sometimes be a long journey and along the way there are many turns that ultimately change what was good and pure into and show that production people feel would be best for ratings .
oh how wrong they so often are ...
true blood is an example of a creative concept that has developed into one of the poorest story lines , worst acting , and silliest subplots as anything in recent television history .
its international cast of relatively unknown actors struggle to find their voices but keep tripping over their fake southern accents .
alan ball 's not
so secret desires for ryan ( jason stackhouse ) gives us a fresh nude shot each week although it often has nothing to do with the storyline .
tara 's angry black woman characterization fails to connect and you find yourself secretly hoping the vamps take her out quickly before she goes into another speech about white suppression while attend a ceremony for the glorious dead of the confedercy .
sam finds suppressed love for sookie and suddenly we are to believe he needs to watch over her morning , noon , and night despite years of working with her and avoiding any such relationship .
as for bill the vampire , his moral high ground is quickly surrendered at the first chance to make love with sookie and has no issue with make a quick snack of her ( although she remains somewhat unharmed ) .
we find the other vampires not so mainstream as bill but greatly desiring to become accepted by a public as they look at the living as happy meals with legs .
despite my best efforts of suffering through the first six episodes , i have come to the realization that no matter how long you watch a bad show , its still bad .
somethings die for a reason , even vampires .
maybe this show should to .
there should be a rule that states quite clearly that movies like resident evil are supposed to be made in the spirit of the game , not in the spirit of blowing up everything possible .
re was a survival horror game , and a damn effective one at that , yet paul ws anderson managed to make it like any other video game movie to come along .
alone in the dark is essentially the same kind of a spirit as resident evil , so of course , there is the slight hope the director will manage to have some piece of a brain enough to make a horror movie and not an action movie .
instead , alone in the dark just proves that there is no longer hope for video games becoming movies .
the plot , despite the fact that it obviously is n't supposed to matter , is the largest of many problems with the movie .
the movie starts with what can only be described as five minutes of scrolling text that may or may not be important , as after a minute passes , the audience stops caring and just sits through the rest hitting the object closest to them .
then there 's something about an orphanage , some artefacts , an ancient tribe , some bureaucracy and some demons , all of which get so jumbled together that the viewers really ca n't follow with what is going on .
characters move in and out of the plot like candy , some having huge build - ups for meaningless deaths .
basically , what i can understand is that some demons got released , and edward carnby ( slater ) has some link to them thanks to some operation given to children in his orphanage which has failed on him .
he finds an artefact involving the demons and brings it to an ex - girlfriend anthropologist ( reid ) , who of course he manages to have sex with right away for no good reason .
then , out of nowhere , all hell breaks loose , and the pair end up with a military team led by some asshole commander ( dorff ) , who apparently has a mutual hatred for carnby .
it 's all ridiculous , and the reason i do n't really understand it is n't just because it 's complicated and jumbled , but it leaves no room for anyone to really care .
instead , i highly recommend that , if you must see this film , bring a tennis ball or something to occupy yourself when the plot manages to bore you into confusion .
the action scenes in a movie with a plot as terrible as this should at least bring it up a little , right ?
too bad , this movie is like any other ruined crap ever made , with enough quick cuts to behead a coop of chickens .
considering that this is based on a horror game , not an action game , it is especially annoying .
the first action scene involving a man chasing cranby from a taxi is among the worst i have ever had to witness , and the rest is n't all that great either .
the demons look somewhat cool , though the fact that they turn into powder when killed takes away all that effect .
scenes involving lots of guns which should be cool to watch instead involve the muzzle fire as the only source of light and the camera zooming and panning faster than the head of a crack addict .
it 's all the kind of seizure inducing crap that keeps children in bed at night .
the acting is what i like to call taking actors and making them do nothing .
slater does nothing but sound important for the whole movie , though he does seem to have more talent than he is letting on .
the same is true of dorff , who gets a thankless role despite actually having some talent ( something that has happened to him a lot ) .
reid is pretty much exactly what she should be , background sex appeal , as whenever she tries to act it is a disaster ( as is the incredibly bad scientist look she has in the beginning).in
all , this is the type of movie that worries me about future video game movies .
if they keep ruining the spirit like this , it 's only a matter of time before samus aran is killing middle - easterns with an ak-47 and
tommy vercetti is fighting a squadron of aliens .
unlike resident evil , however , this one does n't deserve a second chance , as i do n't think anything could possibly help me forget just how terrible this movie is .
it 's bland , uninteresting and unexciting .
this is the movie equivalent of diarrhea ; it 's all thrown together , nothing really fits and , in the end , you 're just glad it 's over .
total : 4 %
( various spoilers follow)gene kelly .
not georges guetary , who is sometimes criticized for being too young and un - french .
not leslie caron , who is sometimes criticized for her very green performance .
not even oscar levant , who more often than not annoys the dickens out of me .
no , it would definitely be gene kelly .
there 's something about his screen persona that 's too ambitious and focused for him to be convincing as a penniless artist in paris , content to put off facing the critics indefinitely , frolicking with little kids and old ladies and painting in the streets .
that 's what made him so effective in singin ' in the rain and other movies where he played ambitious , focused characters .
jerry mulligan is in some ways a cousin to tommy albright in brigadoon , another lerner story with kelly miscast as an american at loose ends who falls in love with a picturesque european place and an innocent female who embodies its virtues .
except that jerry is n't as likeable as even poor dazed tommy .
that 's another galling thing about this film .
jerry is sometimes a cad to milo , and even worse to lise .
when he first sees the latter at a club , he pulls a dirty trick to get her to dance with him .
when she sits down again he pulls an even dirtier trick to get her phone number .
when he calls her the next day she hangs up on him , which he takes as a cue to drop in at her workplace .
and throughout all this it 's obvious she wants nothing to do with him .
when she starts laughing at his jokes in the perfume shop , it 's about as believable as milo 's interest in his paintings .
sure he 's good - looking and playful , but why should that sway her when she 's got henri , who seems like a gentleman to boot?admittedly
it comes off so distasteful partly because of the actress .
if a role like lise was played by , say , judy garland , she would shower jerry with indignant insults and glares .
if she was played by cyd charisse , one would admire his guts .
but when she 's played by first - timer leslie caron she looks and acts like a shy , vulnerable teenager , and as a result jerry just seems like a creep .
and why did they choose these other actors
( though personally i 'd rather they 'd solved things by changing the lead ) when the whole story hinges on the romance of these two young poor sweethearts disentangling themselves from their loveless commitments to older rich people ?
not only is gene kelly a few years above guetary and foch
, he 's old enough to be caron 's father .
in short i think it all would have been improved by casting some young comedic - relief type dancer as jerry , the kind that usually turned up in musical supporting roles ...
ray macdonald in good news or bobby van in small town girl .
maybe not them necessarily but someone like them .
someone who could have chased lise and made it seem harmlessly playful ; someone who would have appeared genuinely happy living in that chaplinesque hole - in - the - wall ; someone whose humor and naivete would have contrasted better with oscar levant 's sarcastic grumpiness .
it probably also would have made the ballet seem less ponderous .
and it might have provided a voice that could sing gershwin better .
all this may give the impression that i do n't like gene kelly .
i do like him .
he was terrific in most of his films , just not this one ( well , and a few others ) .
i do n't despise aaip itself , either ; it has good points , like the art direction .
and leslie caron , who despite her inexperience is rather charming , and really does look like she just stepped out of a painting .
georges guetary does a fine job and his " stairway to paradise " is my favorite number in the movie .
nina foch is beautiful and touching and should have ended up with somebody .
but not jerry mulligan .
i would n't wish that on her .
there will be a time where kids will have grown up without ever seeing the one and only bugs bunny kiss ( technically ) another man on the lips .
there will be a time where it wo n't be duck or rabbit season .
there will be a time where the tazmanian devil will be dubbed politically incorrect .
but so help me now is not that time .
nobody really wants an ' extreme ' version of our beloved loony characters .
whoever it is in marketing who comes up with " corn nuts : corn gone wrong " and " extreme doritos " and evidently this festering turd should know that just because they have a degree in business or advertising or whatever does n't mean they know jack about kids .
i think that they 're doing a disservice to children , depriving them of one of the greatest and most iconic shows of all time .
this show disgusts me , and it 's not just the dated artwork or terrible dialogue .
they misuse good voice talent , like phil lamarr , michael clarke duncan , candi milo , and so many others .
it lacks style , humor , character development , and most importantly , heart .
the show , like it 's repackaged characters ( slam tasmanian , rev runner , ace bunny ) is but
a shadow of it 's former , timeless and beautiful self .
given that this movie was put together in less than a year might explain its shortness ( 81 minutes - including end credits , so roughly 76 minutes of actual film ) .
but what it can not explain is its lack of humor that the previous film possessed .
the gags are quick and sometimes not even funny .
the only true funny parts are the quick spoofs on the nike basketball spots , james woods ' portrayal of max van sydow 's character in the exorcist , and bits and pieces scattered throughout the film .
very unfunny was the take off of charlie 's angels , which like the first scary movie and the matrix spin off scene , basically recreated the scene without much humor injected into it .
today 's youth might not be able to relate to the spoof gags of the classic supernatural horror films of the 70 's such as the exorcist and maybe of the 80s ' poltergeist , et .
hopefully scary movie 3 will take some time to put together , making the spoofs more enjoyable .
one thing though , the film features more than the last one of promising young actress anna faris ( whom i will admit seemed exceptionally hot in the sequel ) .
just for her casting and acting ability , i give this movie a " 3 " out of " 10 " .
honestly i am not even joking when i say that this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen !
this film dosen't have a single ounce of originality in its flimsy dialog or its blatantly plagiarized story line .
i can not even begin to count the number of things in this film that are obviously ripped off from " the omen " and other movies like it .
for example the nanny " lucy " in this film is actually one of the devil 's minions sent to guide and protect the spawn of satan .....
does this sound a lot like mrs. baylock to anyone else .
another thing is that the orphanage were they first got the child burned to the ground just a few months after he was adopted , just like in " the omen " .
however luckily one priest survived the blaze and escaped with sever burns all over his body ....
yet another coincidence ? ? ? ? ? ?
and to top it all off the burned priest is staying in a hospital room with pictures of jesus all over the walls , much like the priest in " the omen " having pages of the bible plastered on the walls like wall - paper .
please do n't even get me started drawing comparisons between the ending of this movie and " the omen " for you because as i 've stated above there are far too many to mention here .
hollow point is an alright movie worth a half price rental or if nothing else is on a good time waster with no thought required .
there are the requisite explosions and hammy acting and pretty ladies .
a pretty good cast with donald sutherland , john lithgow , and the lovely tia carrere .
this cast plus a light hearted touch make for a not a great movie but a fun one .. on a scale of one to ten ..
the tooth fairy is about the ghost of an old deformed witch that lures children to her house to get a prize for their loose tooth and then takes their lives .
the first few minutes introduce you to the 1949 beginning of the legend of the tooth fairy and then switches to present day .
the worn out horror plot is pretty much saved by the solid acting .
they could have done without the hammond brothers and a few other scenes , but overall the gore scenes were bloody but quick which had a minimizing effect .
the eye candy is pretty good for both genders .
camera work is good .
dialog is fair but cheesy .
i expected the film to be a bare bones , low budget , slasher with very few redeeming factors .
i was surprised by the quality of the film .
this 1974 naschy outing is directed by leon klimovsky , and a cursory glance at the publicity photos and packaging might lead you to believe that this medieval romp lies somewhere between " inquisition " and " sadomania " .
sadly not .
this is a strictly pg affair with tame torture sequences , no nudity and little edge at all .
naschy ( of whom i am a fan ) struts his stuff as gilles de lancre , " antiguo mariscal de la nacion " .
sadly he is more pantomime villain than anything else .
one gets the feeling with this film that we have seen him ( and it ) done all before .
strictly therefore for naschy completest only .
kirstie alley , looking a bit slimmer , but only a bit , is in this mess along with a man who is a macguyver lookalike , bleached blond hair and all .
the premise of the movie is about an older woman ( 50 ! ! ! )
who can not get her screenplay produced due to age discrimination
so she sends in her younger nephew to pose as the writer .
not an original idea and not a very good movie with lousy acting , inane dialogue and a ridiculous plot .
there is another plot concerning a writer with a crush or admiration for kirstie 's character and why this is included is a mystery .
the actor who portrays kirstie 's brother is so wooden and miscast , it was torture to watch their scenes .
what is there to say about this film .
avoid it .
awful .
this thriller should have buried .
what a piece of crap .
terrible writing , characters are less than believable .
horrible schlock ! !
stick some b- stars in a terribly written pos to try and give it a little credit , but it fails miserably .
if i did n't have to write ten lines about this movie i would have given it a word word review , it starts with ' sh ' and ends with ' it' .
horrible ending , retarded .
who writes this crap .
the ending of this film is so contrived ,
weak it 's as if they had no idea what to do with this story line , or they just ran out of money .
most likely due to the number of cameos in this movie .
it 's a good thing that these actors are on the way out , because this would be a career killer .
good thing for them that hardly anyone will see it .
at least no one important , like future investors .
it could have ended a thousand different ways , but as it is , i feel cheated out of my precious time .
don't bother with this one , you will feel like you wasted time you can never get back .
this movie had the potential to be far more than it was .
but it not only fails to deliver , it brings up nauseous self righteous preaching at the same time .
john cusack is even flatter than he was in midnight of the garden of good and evil .
the difference is that this time he is supposed to have an southern accent , which he noticeably loses several times each scene .
al pacino does his shtick but seems to be walking through this film and collecting a paycheck .
he 's good as usual but hardly standout .
supporting cast -- throw in female romantic interest which added little , if anything , to the story .
speaking of the story , a convoluted " who really cares " tale where cusack is the self - righteous mayor 's boy who just has to search for " the right thing " to be done .
people do n't act this way .
cusack 's character loses all credibility at the end , of which without revealing it , is preach and nauseous .
the final scene makes the penultimate silliness seem profound .
it 's also completely inaccurate
but i wo n't get into law .
this is a bad , by the numbers movie .
it seems interesting for the first 40 minutes and then it 's really a preachy , proselytizing , self - righteous film for the last hour .
better off with mindless crap than this pile of junk .
i 'm a fan of matthew modine , but this film -- which i stumbled upon on cable -- is absolutely witless .
i see that the screenwriter and director were one and the same , so there was no one around to check her worst instincts .
there are no surprises , no original lines , and no original characters .
the goldfish was basically the most sympathetic character .
what a waste of all this acting talent .
given how expensive it is to film in new york these days , i have to wonder how this got made in the first place .
and if you 're wondering why i watched it at all , it came on after a film that i like on cable
and i left it on while i worked at the computer .
it 's not a very demanding picture !
after a long period in the space , looking for the remains of planet krypton , superman ( brandon routh ) returns to earth .
he misses lois lane ( kate bosworth ) , who got married and has a son with richard white ( james marsden ) .
meanwhile , lex luthor ( kevin spacey ) plots an evil plan , using crystals he stole from the fortress of solitude , to create a new land and submerge the usa.after so many delightful movies of superman with the unforgettable christopher reeve , or tv shows like " lois and clark " ( and teri hatcher ) or " smallville " , a great expectation was created for the return of superman in this bryan singer 's version .
unfortunately , the awful story is too long and boring , with many unnecessary parts , lack of emotion and overrated in imdb .
in addition , the romance between lois lane and superman is something shamefully ridiculous .
the twenty - two years old actress kate bosworth is wrongly miscast , playing the role of a mature reporter and experienced mother of a five years old boy .
brandon routh is two years younger than tom welling , who plays a teenager clark kent in " smallville " .
the character of parker posey , kitty kowalski , is actually a silly caricature .
last but not the least and in spite of being a terrific lex luthor
, kevin spacey is forty - five years old , therefore older and older than the rest of the lead cast .
the corny conclusion looks like a soap opera and is terrible .
my vote is four .
title ( brazil ) : " superman returns "
this is only the second time
i stopped a video / dvd part way through .
i was willing to give this film the benefit of the doubt at first , even though it managed to be both shallow , clichéd and stupid .. and joyless , plodding and pretentious .
it was like an after school special directed by that weird grade nine kid who thinks nobody understands him ...
creepy and sad , with voice - over narration that only the most deluded adolescent would consider poetry ... and some singing , and ...
no , really , the poor child 's suffering ...
enough , already , especially when it morphed into a brazen , clumsy , and insulting clockwork orange ripoff .
and did i mention the singing?this is n't the worst film i 've ever seen , but certainly the one i 've felt least compelled to sit through .
i do n't recommend it to anyone .
this movie is a crappy and forgettable sean connery vehicle .
the performances are generally crappy especially by capshaw , fishburne , and the usually solid ed harris .
connery seems miscast as a harvard academic .
the movie absolutely gets worse as it goes along .
it is a third rate mystery that becomes extremely contrived by the time it unravels .
the movie squanders an excellent supporting cast .
george plimpton also turns up in a minor role to add some gravitas to connery as they debate the death penalty .
the violence and the atmosphere pepper a third rate mystery / thriller that is manipulation to the highest degree .
the scripting and direction are extremely poor .
connery 's charisma and screen presence are the film 's only virtue .
manipulative , violent , and ridiculous .
2/10 avoid it .
! ! ! ! !
possible spoiler ! ! ! ! !
you`d think a story involving archie grey owl - an englishman posing as a red indian - would have a massive amount of humour involved .
in fact i`d say the only way to treat a film like this where a remarkable man cons the gullible public is to treat it as a comedy .
however richard attenborough commits something akin to a crime by making grey owl a serious drama .
worse , he`s made an extremely dire film too .
pierce brosnan lacks the charisma needed for the title role and the romantic subplot between grey owl and pony ( played by the equally wooden annie gaupeau ) lacks any type of on screen chemistry .
but to be fair to the cast their not helped with the script which fails to portray archie as the cheeky chappy
he is of fooling everyone into believing he`s a native american .
the producers and screenwriter have made the major error of having the film centre around the plot twist of archie being an englishman - that`s why i wrote " possible spoiler " it`s not actually revealed untill late in the film that the title character is english , but it`s obvious that everyone who viewed this movie knew that beforehand hence there`s absolutely no surprise involved .
yes i do agree with everyone that the scenery is lovely and that it has a deep ecological message which isn`t actually a new concept .
theodore roosevelt was the first important environmentalist of the 20th century if truth be told .
and it should also be remembered that with the exception of soylent green ( and possibly the two towers if you want to class it as having a green message ) that there hasn`t actually been a great ecological film .
in fact most environmentally concious films suck and that includes grey owl , a film that unsurprisingly had a serious problem in finding a distributor
absolutely the most boring movie i have ever spent my money on .
this was a wrong choice for all these great stars to waste their reputations on .
boring !
boring !
boring !
each character was portrayed in a less than inspirational way .
no acting talent shown -just reading a part .
alec can play realistic characters normally , gwynyth made herself look ugly for an unrewarding part , annette needs advise on how to pick the movies she chooses to play in as do all these big stars who have left me disappointed at the way they have all allowed their talents to be smothered in a feature that leaves much to be desired in entertainment .
" running with scissors " leads the public to anticipate great acting in a film that suggests experiencing tension and deep emotion .
there was not one moment when the cast was able to portray any interpretation of this onto the screen .
maybe it was the director 's fault----whatever .
this really should deserve a " o " rating , or even a negative ten .
i watched this show for ages , and the show jumped the shark around series 7 .
this episode , however , is proof that the show has jumped the shark .
it 's writing is lazy , absurd , self - indulgent and not even worthy of rubbish like beavis and butthead .
it is quite possible to be ridiculous and still be fun -- pirates of the caribbean , the mummy , count of monte cristo -- all " fun " movies that are not to be taken seriously .
however , there is such thing as ridiculous as in "
this is the worst thing i 've ever seen . "
and indeed , this is the worst episode of stargate i 've ever seen .
it 's absolutely dreadful , and this coming from someone with a stargate in her basement .
makes me want to sell all of my stargate props , most seriously .
i do n't know who to blame , the timid writers or the clueless director .
it seemed to be one of those movies where so much was paid to the stars ( angie , charlie , denise , rosanna and jon ) that there was n't enough left to really make a movie .
this could have been very entertaining , but there was a veil of timidity , even cowardice , that hung over each scene .
since it got an r rating anyway why was the ubiquitous bubble bath scene shot with a 70-year - old woman and not angie harmon ?
why does sheen sleepwalk through potentially hot relationships with two of the most beautiful and sexy actresses in the world ?
if they were only looking for laughs why not cast whoopi goldberg and judy tenuta instead ?
this was so predictable
i was surprised to find that the director was n't a five year old .
what a waste , not just for the viewers but for the actors as well .
a few weeks ago , i read the classic george orwell novel , 1984 .
i was fascinated with it and thought it was one of the best books i 've read recently .
so when i rented the dvd , i was intrigued to see how this adaptation measured up .
unfortunately , the movie did n't even come close to creating the ambiance or developing the characters that orwell so masterfully did in his book .
the director seems to think that everyone watching the movie has read the book , because he makes no attempt to demonstrate why the characters act and feel the way they do .
john hurt , the main actor , is droll the entire way through , and hardly does any acting until the end .
we never really find out what he does for a living , or why his love affair is forbidden , or what the political climate is and why the main character desires rebellion .
this book can not be done justice in movie form without proper narration and explanation of the political system oppressing the characters , and the fact that those are missing is the greatest shortcoming of this film .
besides that , john hurt was a terrible casting choice , looking about 15 years older than the 39 year old winston he was supposed to be portraying .
on a more positive note , however , the rest of the cast was well chosen .
it 's just too bad they were put in such a horribly adapted film with the wrong lead actor .
-brian o.
felt mine was while watching this ...
but it seems that is the reason for insanity running in the family in this film .
not that makes a lot of sense anyway , as others have mentioned , this was one of karloff 's last films and it 's only his screen presence that lends it any credibility at all .
it 's sad that all of the great legends of the horror films in the sound era were eventually reduced to starring in low grade rubbish like this .
marginally , boris did get off slightly better than poor old bela lugosi but not by much .
boris does his best and give him credit for trying to hold this mess together .
the strident background music does n't help and distracts from any lucid moment .
apart from boris , the rest of the mexican cast are dubbed into some strange , clipped , english monotone that is reminiscent of the type used in porn films of the late seventies .
at a guess i think it 's edgar allen poe 's ' house of usher ' that this is taken from
but you 'd be hard pressed to find a great deal of poe in the finished article .
still , there are far better films out there with boris karloff at his best , search them out and give this a wide berth , unless you want the curse of the ' shrinking brain ' too !
this was disappointing .
it started well enough but as it went on and lost every opportunity to soar , it fell flat .
maria schrader 's acting is dreadful , never seeming to mean what she says , or even knowing what she says until she says it .
she showed no genuine emotion at all , not for her beloved goy , or her mother 's story .
when with lena she seemed to have little more than an academic interest in lena 's story .
there never seemed to be a real relationship between lena and her mother except her mother seemed to be having a good time at the wedding , which is n't much .
the supposed parallel between hannah 's " mixed " romance and her mother 's relationship with her father was as cliché as they come , and failed miserably anyway .
the wedding was completely unconvincing and a dumb finish .
the climax of the protest was uninspiring , and no matter what lena had or had not done to influence the outcome , she would surely have shown some complexity of feeling at the time , a haunted look , an inexplicable ambivalence .
in fact , none of the characters in the film had any depth or spark .
it was very hard to care about any of them , even little ruth .
everything with luis was a distraction .
( why did she dis him
so when on the phone from the hotel ?
there was no context or explanation
whatever for that . )
if every reference to him was removed it would n't be noticed .
a simple story made confusing by poor character development ( who was whose mother , again ? ? )
weak acting , and directing that made everyone look like they were acting .
you could almost hear " quiet on the set ! ....
" i started thinking this was worthy of a 7 , but as the film went on
it dropped rapidly to a 4 , then earning a 3 after the silliness of the wedding scene .
this was about as cold and sterile a movie as i have seen .
a terrible waste of a good story .
the movie was terrible ! ! !
easily the worst movie i have seen in the past few years .
one of those movies i will be able to tell people for the next three years that it was the worst movie i can think of .
thank you for giving me an answer to that burning question "
what is the worst movie you have seen ? "
answer : celestine prophecy .
trust me ...
i read the book , enjoyed the message and was excited to see the movie , but then , they treated the audience like we are r*tarded .
there is no story and the story that is there is crippled by too much magic and coincidence .
it is too bad they have to spell out the nine prophecies and ca n't simply weave them into a story that is entertaining to follow .
they did n't spend any time on character development and it was easy to not care if any character died .
it was embarrassing to be one of the few people who stuck around until the end of this incredibly boring movie .
the book is pretty boring too
but i enjoyed the parallels that could be seen in everyday life while you read the book .
the film does not offer the same opportunity and i would suggest not seeing it if you want to continue to hold the words of the book close to your heart .
see this movie .
trust me .
i can not stay indifferent to lars van trier 's films .
i consider ' breaking the waves ' nothing less than a masterpiece .
i loved ' dancer in the night ' .
i admired the idea in ' dogville ' but the overall exercise looked to me too dry and too theatrical , less cinema . '
europa ' which i see only now was a famous film at its time , succeeded in the us the relative success of an european film and got the oscar for the best foreign language movie , but did not survive well the time in my opinion .
it is also a too much explicit and extrovert exercise in cinema art to my taste .
the story has a level of ambiguity that can not escape the viewer .
treating the period that immediately followed the second world war not in the black and white colors of victors and vanquished , of executioners and victims but as rather ambiguous times when people of both sides were fighting for survival in the aftermath of a catastrophic event that change the lives of nations and individuals forever is still a source of disputes even today , more such was novel and courageous two decades ago .
yet it is the means of expression that really do not appear fit to the task .
the film seems to include a lot of quotes descending directly from the films of hitchcock , especially his early films set in the pre - war europe , with brave british spies fighting evil german spies on trains crossing at high speed the continent at dark .
the trains were a symbol of the world and its conflicts with all their intensity and dramatism .
here the train also becomes the symbol of the first sparkles of the re - birth of germany after war , of its might , of its obsession with order and regulation , of punctuality and civility .
the characters that populate the train are far from being the classical spy stories good or bad guys .
the principal character a young american of german origin coming to post - war europe willing to be part of a process of help and reconciliation finds himself in an ambiguous world of destruction and corruption , with liberators looking more like oppressive occupiers , with the vanquished not resigned to their fate but rather willing to continue on the path of self - destruction , with love doubtfully mixed with treason .
it is yet this classical film treatment that betrays the director in this case .
the actions of the characters , especially of leopold kessler played by jean - marc barr seem confused , and lack credibility .
the overall cinematography seems to be not hitchcock - like but rather from a bad imitation of hitchcock in the late 30s .
the usage of color over the black - and - white film used in the majority of the time in moments of emotional intensity is also too demonstrative .
it is not that van trier does not master his artistic means , but he is too demonstrative , he seems to try too hard to show what a great filmmaker he is .
he really is great , as he will show in some of his later films , but it will be left to the viewers to decide this alone .
i think that the shots and lighting were very poor .
when i watched it for the first time i thought it was the old version(1956 ) .
when i really found out the true year of the film i was shocked .
i did n't know that there could be such a bad film made so recently .
that s really all i wanted to say .
this film had a good plot though , nothing you could n't miss out on if you would simply read the novel that george orwelll wrote .
all i really want to say has already been said except for this : i ca n't believe that this film could have possibly received so many awards and nominations .
i gave this film a one ( awful ) , because i felt that it was very badly made .
well that is all .
so long
do n't see this movie .
bad acting and stupid gore effects .
a complete waste of time .
i was hoping to see a lot of cool murders and hot chicks , instead the director depended on animal slaughter videos to shock you , the watcher .
disgusting .
the murders are pretty lame , basically strangulation .
one woman he stuffs worms in her mouth , one he puts raw hamburgers on her face and strangles her .
btk broiler , burger king 's " killer " new sandwich ....
ha ha .
i do n't think this movie relied too much on actual facts .
i mean , he real btk killer did n't carry around a bunch of rodents , scorpions and worms ..
and oh yeah ...
a slaughtered cow head too .
go figure .
collusion course is even worse than the typical " evil white male corporate capitalist " movie of the week .
this movie is less pleasant than a toothache .
jay leno can act .
he 's good in his underrated debut movie , the silverbears , in which he gives a performance consist with the demands of his character .
this movie is so bad leno 's character , a sanctimonious buffoon , is less annoying than morita 's character , a sanctimonious fool .
this movie was so bad !
it was terrible !
it was awful !
i can not stress it enough !
the acting , directing , story , characters and everything about it was bad !
it was so corny and clichéd .
do n't be fooled by the cover , or the tag line
" the ' texas massacre ' is nothing to laugh at .
" are you frogging ' kidding me !
it was ridiculous .
the first 2 minutes of the film is good until it gets to the main character brendan , ok now turn it off .
what i got from the film was , a bunch of ugly , annoying and immature people go to a cabin in the middle of the woods and a clown that sings nursery rhymes
kills them in unoriginal and fake ways .
this movie was a waste of my time and money , and it would be a waste of your money and time too !
i fast forward through most of the movie because it was so terrible , i just wanted to see how each bad actor died , and it still was n't worth it !
just looking at the cover is a waste of time .
this is seriously the worst movie ever !
rating : does n't deserve one .
this movie which was released directly on video should carry a warning label that it is dangerous to human health and may subject the viewer to terminal boredom .
it is yet another thinly veiled , evangalizing " rapture " religious movie with the good guys ( the believers ) suddenly vanishing and the bad guys ( the non - believers)left behind .
it 's an interesting concept , especially since we see it happen on a flight captained by a non - believer who is having a sinful affair with a stewardess aboard ( needless to say that sinner does n't disappear either ! ) .
unhappily , with all the pilots being non - believers , the plane did not crash or the movie would have been mercifully over .
though this could have be interesting without the heavy religious browbeating , as a whole the plodding movie makes one gag , the acting is horrible and the obviously computer - generated simulations are very fake looking .
plus it 's yet another movie shot in canada that purports to be new york city .
spare me ...
i'll just read the bible .
after watergate , vietnam and the dark days of the nixon and jimmy carter eras , what the world needed was a good old - fashioned chapter - play hero taking on venomous serpents and evildoers in the america of 1936 or the jungles of south america in a series of fantastic cliffhanging adventures .
unfortunately what it got in 1975 was doc savage , the man of bronze .
perhaps the best that can be said of legendary producer george pal 's final film is that his often beautifully designed but sadly flat adaptation of kenneth robeson 's pulp - paperback novels probably had george lucas and phil kaufman leaving the theatre and saying to each other " we can do better than that , " and adding a bullwhip , a battered fedora and some much needed character flaws to the mix .
a big part of the problem is that doc savage is in many ways even harder to write for than superman  explorer , adventurer , philanthropist , a scientific and intellectual genius in the bronzed bleach - blonde bulletproof muscle - bound body of a greek god ( or rather the form of tv 's tarzan , ron ely , a rather dull charlton heston clone here ) , there 's simply nothing he ca n't do and , more damagingly , nothing that can harm him .
the man is the virtual incarnation of hitler 's aryan ubermensch ( no surprise that the dvd is only available in germany ! ) , albeit with all - american values .
and just in case there should ever be anything he 's overlooked ( not that there ever is )
he has not one but five sidekicks in his entourage , the ( less than ) fabulous five .
a chemist , an electrician and even an archaeologist i can accept , and at a stretch i could possibly even go as far as to see the possible need for a construction engineer , but what kind of hero takes a criminal lawyer with him on his adventures ?
in reality doc 's brain trust were probably added because with the hero so tiresomely invulnerable and practically perfect in every way  even kryptonite would n't put a dent in him - there needed to be someone at risk in the stories , though with the exception of paul gleason they 're all so horribly badly cast and overplayed ( as are most parts in the film )
you 'd happily kill them all off during the opening titles .
the villains fare no better , with paul wexler exuding all the menace of a geography teacher as captain seas , scott walker ( no , a different one ) delivering one of cinema 's worst accents ( is it meant to be scottish , irish , welsh , greek , pakistani or some nationality
no - one has ever heard of ? )
while robyn hilton 's marilyn monroe - ish dumb blonde moll gives paris ( no relation ) a run for her money in the untalented bimbo stakes .
even with those drawbacks , this should have been much better than it is considering the various ingredients  lost tribes , a pool of gold , a dogfight with a biplane and a deadly poison that comes alive , all wrapped up in a quest to discover why doc 's father was murdered .
unfortunately it 's a question of tone : in the 60s and 70s pulp superheroes were n't brooding figures prone to state - of - the - art action scenes and special effects but were treated as somewhat comical figures of low - budget camp fun with action scenes quickly knocked off on the cheap almost as an afterthought , the films aimed purely at the matinée market : you know , for kids .
there have long been rumours that the original cut was more straight - faced  and certainly much of the camp value has been added in post - production , be it the colgate twinkle in doc 's eye ,
the comical captions identifying various fighting styles in the final dust - up with captain seas or don black 's gung - ho lyrics to john philip sousa 's patriotic marches
but plenty was in the film to begin with .
after all , it 's hard to see how one of the villain 's underlings making phone calls from a giant rocking crib was ever intended as anything other than a joke that falls flat , while doc 's explanation to pamela hensley of why he never dates girls could be a scene written for adam west 's batman .
instead , the funniest moments are usually purely unintentional , such as doc displaying his sixth sense by , er , bobbing his adam 's apple .
perhaps an even bigger problem is that , while promising on paper , the action is handled in an almost relentlessly mundane fashion , be it chasing a native assassin on the rooftops of new york skyscrapers or escaping from a yacht full of bad guys .
even the winning notion of animated glowing green snakes swirling through the air as they poison their victims fails to raise any enthusiasm from director michael anderson : having demonstrated their own invulnerability a couple of scenes earlier , doc manages to dispatch them with no more than a chair and an electric fan by simply pulling the curtains on them .
still , aside from doc 's various vehicles all stamped with his logo and looking more moulded plastic than bronze , the production design is often rather handsome even if it is very obviously l.a. standing in for new york while fred koenekamp 's cinematography ensures the film often looks good despite the low budget .
and it 's good to see a superhero movie that does n't spend most of its running time on an origin story , though one is left with the suspicion that doc sprang fully formed from the loins of zeus himself .
it 's a film
i 'd really like to like more , but it just feels like 100 minutes of lost opportunities .
no wonder
doc savage , the arch enemy of evil , the sequel so optimistically promised in the end credits , never happened .
dragon fighter is the first sci - fi channel ( although i guess it 's now called syfy ? )
original movie i have ever seen .
but i have seen one or two others since , and i can tell you that they were stupid , but this one really scrapes the bottom of the barrel .
the cgi is done poorly , the acting is bad , the script is ridiculous , and what happens at the very end is unexpected and out of place
( if you have seen dragon fighter , you probably know what i mean ; i did n't want to put a spoiler in my review ) .
plus , there was this one musical tune that was used in pretty much every single dangerous sequence .
that was really stupid ; they just played it over and over .
and it 's definitely not original ; i know i 've heard that somewhere before ( i just ca n't remember where ) .
this is one to avoid .
this is one of the very worst films clark gable made .
only parnell was obviously worse .
it is just so painfully clichéd and the dialog is so lousy that it is something neither gable nor jean harlow should have been proud of making .
gable is a heel whose illegal activities result in his girl going ' to the slammer ( like the gangster talk ? ) .
she holds out hope that he 'll do the right thing
but he just leaves her there --
unknown to either of them , gosh , that she 's " in the family way " .
eventually , the rogue returns to do the right thing and somehow they tie this all together into a happy ending !
they seemed to have forgotten about gable 's needing to take the rap and spend several years in the hoosegow .
leonard maltin says " the stars are at their best here " .
by what standard ?
best at producing unintended chuckles ?
gimme a break!ps -- after saying this , my wife thinks leonard maltin is going to find me and kick my butt .
hmmm .
however , despite my comment , i think mr. maltin is the finest reviewer and human being on the planet ( i hope that appeased him).update--2/2/08 .
because i disliked this film so much the first time ( especially the ridiculous ending ) , i decided to watch it once again .
after all , sometimes when i watch a film again i like it much more and realize that i was a bit too harsh .
while that has been the case with several films in recent months , i still disliked this film -- even the second time .
most of it was not because of the first half of the film .
in the first half , harlow 's character was amazingly stupid but at least it was believable .
but when she was sent to prison , it was all clichés until the final ridiculous marriage scene occurred .
the bottom line is that this sequence is embarrassingly dumb -- it just makes no sense at all and is akin to turning the movie into some wacky fairy tale instead of a love story about two cons .
i stand by my original review ( despite all the " not helpfuls " ) and think that aside from parnell and possibly polly at the circus , it might just be the worst gable film .
this book - based movie is truly awful , and a big disappointment .
we 've been waiting for this move over a month .
many film reviewer were hopeful for it .
also in newspapers and tv , it made big sense .
when 29th april comes , many people regretfully noticed that movie is really awful .
first of all story was so monotone .
it has been many indefinite scenes , sometimes it 's hard to realize what 's going on .
the actresses , out of hulya avsar , were n't harmonized with their roles , especially vildan atasever .
she acts better in comedy films , in this movie , a kind of drama , she could n't disposed of her previous role .
and finally movie is too short , just 66 minutes .
this film is probably pro - muslimization .
why do i write that ?
the main character has a muslim father and a christian mother .
he lives his first 20 years in a christian village .
in the end of the film he seemingly is a muslim because of his head - wear , that he has kept his amulet , and his general clothing .
he has a six year old child , who wears the same head - wear and therefore is probably a muslim , although the mother is a christian .
the main character thus chooses to , it seems , to be a muslim and his child becomes a muslim .
no one of the other male main characters , which are christians , seems to breed a child .
there are more muslims in the world of this movie at the end of it , it therefore seems .
since its release in 1983 , " a christmas story " , the jean shepherd - narrated story of his alter - ego , ralphie , has become a true classic .
" my summer story " , however , still has shepherd as the narrator , but it has absolutely none of the charm , and the characters are nowhere near the caliber of the original film .
summer story " is basically a mishmash of mediocre and just plain not very interesting stories , which include hillbilly neighbors and battling tops .
charles grodin , who i normally like , is extremely unlikeable in the role of the father ( more aptly handled by darren mcgavin in the original ) , and his character never seems anything but forced .
kiernan culkin is a poor substitute for ralphie , and the little brother is all but forgotten here .
only mom seems to have any worth here and perhaps that 's because she beans a cinema manager with a gravy boat when he pushes his luck too far with irate housewives on " free dish
night" .
the stories in this are mostly inconsequential and stretched paper - thin .
may appeal to the extremely undemanding but as a sequel to " a christmas story " , it 's a very poor one and not worth most people 's time .
out of 10 .
.. it 's this one !
very cool premise , right off the bat .
has an excellent first scene , got ta give credit where credit 's due .
has solid characters and a decent enough script for a ghost story but here are the things that bothered me :
whenever the ghosts appeared , which i really liked by the way ; how it was done , how it looked ...
the only thing was the ghost 's relationship .
because of the way things went down in the first scene you 'd think their dynamic would be different .
things slowed down a little too much in the middle i felt , and the crab / spider scene was just not good .
but then the ending is actually very good !
sure , ' the grudge ' basically told the same story with a polished lens but
no samurai 's
and that 's what i liked about this movie comparatively .
please , someone one with a tempered style remake this movie .
fans of ' silent rage ' would absolutely love this movie .
* * * * *
warning :
may contain spoilers
* * * * * * * * *
my huge problem with this movie is how totally self - centered and self consumed the adulteress wife is ! !
after having a one night stand with a slimy psycho she is being stalked by him .
he calls her constantly and threatens her and even sends a video of their night together .
he is obviously crazy and very dangerous .
the problem is she only thinks he is dangerous to her ( and exposing her secret ) .
not for one second did she ever have one thought of concern for her husband !
did she even for a moment think of him possibly being in danger from this psychotic ? ?
as soon as she realized how mental he was she should have warned her husband no matter what the consequences .
maybe there would n't have been a movie then but there really was n't one
anyway
so what 's the difference .
this movie starred a totally forgotten star from the 1930s , jack pearl ( radio 's " baron munchausen " ) as well as jimmy durante .
however , 7 - 1/2 decades later , it 's being billed as a three stooges film because they are the only ones in the film who the average person would recognize today .
film fanatics will also recognize the wonderful edna may oliver as well as zazu pitts .
as for the stooges , this is a film from there very early days -- before mgm had any idea what to do with the team .
at this point , they were known as " ted healy and his stooges " as healy was the front man .
fortunately for the stooges , they soon left this nasty and rather untalented man ( read up on him --
you'll see what i mean ) and the rest is history .
within a year , they were making very successful shorts for columbia and executives at mgm were soon kicking themselves for losing the team .
this sort of thing was a common occurrence at mgm , a great studio which had no idea what to do with comedy ( such as the films of buster keaton , laurel and hardy , abbott and costello and others ) .
in fact , up until they left for columbia , mgm put them in a wide variety of odd film roles -- including acting with clark gable and joan crawford in dancing lady .
and , oddly , in this film they did n't act as a team -- they just did various supporting roles , such as larry playing the piano!this particular film begins with pearl and durante lost in the african jungle .
when they are rescued and brought home , all sense of structure to the film falls apart and the film becomes almost like a variety show -- punctuated by scenes with the leads here and there .
as for pearl , i could really see why he never made a successful transition to films , as he has the personality of a slug ( but slightly less welcome ) .
as for durante , i never knew what the public saw in him -- as least as far as his films are concerned -- he was loud and ... loud !
he apparently took time off from helping mgm to ruin buster keaton 's career to make this film .
together , pearl and durante rely on lots of verbal humor ( ? )
and vaudeville - style routines that tend to fall rather flat .
in this film , the stooges they did n't yet have the right chemistry .
seeing healy doing the job that moe did in their later films is odd .
what they did in the film was pretty good , but because all the segments were short , they came on and off camera too quickly to allow them to really get into their routines .
stooges fans might be very frustrated at this , though die - hard fans may want to see this so that they can complete their life - long goal of seeing everything stooge -- even the rotten joe derita and joe besser films ( oh ,
and did they got bad after the deaths of shemp and curly).overall , the film is rather dull and disappointing .
however , there are a couple interesting things to look for in the mess .
at about the 13 minute mark , you will see a brief scene where a tour guide on a bus is singing .
look carefully , as this is walter brennan in a role you 'd certainly never expect !
another unusual thing to look for in the film is the " clean as a whistle " song starting at about 22 minutes into the film .
this song and dance number is clearly an example of a so - called " pre - code " scene that never would have been allowed in films after 1934 ( when the production code was strengthened ) .
despite the word " clean " in the title , it 's a very titillating number with naked women showing lots of flesh -- enough to stimulate but not enough to really show anything !
it 's quite shocking when seen today , though such excesses were pretty common in the early 1930s .
finally , at the 63 minute mark , see jimmy durante set race relations back a few decades .
see the film , you 'll see that i mean !
genie ( zoe trilling ) arrives in egypt to visit her hypocritical , bible - quoting archeologist father ( william finley ) and attracts the attention of a group of cultists led by a descendant of the marquis de sade ( robert englund ) .
englund also plays de sade in flashbacks , ranting in his cell .
genie is led astray by mohammed ( juliano merr ) , who rides around naked on a horse and sabina ( alona kamhi ) , a bisexual who introduces her to opium smoking , which leads to a wild hallucination featuring topless harem dancers , a woman simulating oral sex on a snake , an orgy and her father preaching in the background !
meanwhile , black hooded cult members decapitate , gouge out eyeballs and slit throats .
when genie is slipped drugs in her tea , she imagines de sade hanging from a cross , a gold - painted woman in a leafy g - string and herself bloody on a bed covered in snakes .
it 's all because she 's the reincarnation of de sade 's lost love .
this typically sleazy harry alan towers production is redundant , seedy and pretty senseless , but the sets , costumes , cinematography and location work are all excellent and at least there 's always something going on .
score : 3 out of 10
this movie looks like it was made for tv .
for years i waited for some movie to be made about rubin carter , because i loved to see him box at the old msg , and to see this movie was very disappointing .
i have alot of respect for mr washington , but he was awful and boring .
there is really nothing good to say about this movie except i did like the song .
i have nothing more to say but it was awful .
i can not imagine why helen mirren and others were part of this degrading mess .
and if certain actors do n't want people to question their sexuality then perhaps they should refrain from making more of these films .
there was at least one seen that left me curious .
just my opinion .
shudder
to think what was going on that was cut from the film .
shudder
to wonder what went through the minds of the actors who made this film .
shudder to think about the thought process and voyeurism that went on in the directors mind .
like i stated before its a degrading mess .
its not even funny .
as ebert said of the film caligula with malcolm mcdowell , its not a good film , not a good story and its not even good porn .
yeeshhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ............
years have gone by since don wilson used his martial arts expertise to take down a robot who was programmed to destroy him , he 's also married to the blonde reporter ( stacie foster ) who led the rebellion in the first film , now a new conspiracy is in the works , one that involves look - alike droids who frame our two heroes , and a corporation looking to rule the world
( there is no plot to back any of this up ) and cyber tracker 2 becomes a virtual replay of the first movie .
i admit that i have bought dvds from the bargain bin that were made by pm , pm was a company that specialized in cheap - jack action flicks ( like this ) which had tons of explosions , little story and overall nothing but mean edged action .
some of these titles have been ( mildly ) enjoyable ( last man standing and the sweeper )
however cyber tracker 2 is stuck with the casting of the charisma - less don wilson .
when comparing the protagonists of similar pm efforts both jeff wincott and c. thomas howell are oscar nominees when compared to don wilson .
another telling sign is that this was directed by richard pepin who has none of the flair joseph merhi seems to have in crafting action sequences that feel much more expensive than their budgets .
then again though both c. thomas and wincott are probably more expensive to obtain .
cyber tracker 2 is a rip off with a capitol r , there are so many steals from better movies ( robocop , terminator , universal soldier to even halloween iii ! )
that it 's almost as if richard pepin is trying to infuse a sense of identity to the pedestrian material yet without the intelligent ideas or at least the mindless zip of great action , cyber tracker 2 falls flat .
there is literally no good idea that is n't borrowed from a better movie and the supporting cast overact .
the only exception comes from tony burton who is miles better than the material .
also stacie foster looks like she could be better with far better material .
however cyber tracker 2 comes off mainly as noisy , bland and lackluster as its leading man , however with no real martial arts sequences to fall back on , all there is , is lots of cars tipping over and that alone is no substitute for the bankruptcy of ambition expressed here.*1/2 out of 4-(poor )
hawked as the most offensive movie ever , guaranteed to offend
everyone- guess
what ?
it worked , i 'm offended that we shelled out money to rent this .
two friends and i were bored and decided to see if all that bull about the movie that we saw on tv was true .
curse comedy central and all the other networks that pushed this garbage on us !
it was by far the worst movie i 've seen since hollow man .
i generally avoid the crappy ones , but got sucked into this one .
we have since beaten the prick who suggest we rent it , and his movie picking privileges have been revoked .
there is nothing remotely funny about this movie ...
even the " adventures of dickman " scene was sophomoric at best ..
color me p***ed .
thought maybe the production value was crap for some important reason ...
no .. it just sucked .
never watch this !
for any reason whatsoever .
not even with copious amounts of illegal substance would this movie be funny .
that 's saying alot .
please for the love of all that is holy , if you cherish your sanity- never view this movie .
it 's many things- stupid , pointless , and worthless to name a few .
but the main thing it was aiming for : offensively funny-
it failed miserably .
crash and burn ....
i gave this a four purely out of its historical context .
it was considered lost for many years until it popped up out of the blue on showtime in the early nineties .
moe is the straight man and larry and curly act as a duo .
spade cooley has a couple of numbers .
i guess it had something to do with working on a ranch .
i 'm not quite sure because the plot was so minimal nothing really sticks in my memory .
i vaguely remember it being a western musical comedy .
even the stooge 's seem to be going through the motions .
overall there 's nothing much really to recommend here .
if you 're not a stooge fan then do n't bother .
if you are a stooge fan , then stick with the shorts .
this adaptation positively butchers a classic which is beloved for its subtlety .
timothy dalton has absolutely no conception of the different nuances of rochester 's character .
i get the feeling he never even read the book , just sauntered on set in his too tight breeches and was handed a character summary that read " grumpy , broody , murky past . "
he plays rochester not as a character or as a real person but as an over the top grouch who never cracks a smile until after he gets engaged at which point he miraculously morphs into a pansy .
there is no chemistry .
the only feeling that this adaptation excited in me was incredulity and also sympathy for charlotte bronte who is most definitely turning in her grave .
go and reread the book .
rochester has a personality .
and by the way : a " passionate " love scene does not mean you have to eat her face .
this movie was just down right bad .
i love war movies and can normally come away from most movies and find something that i liked , but this was not one of them .
this movie lacked substance and intensity .
ok i get it , the finns put up one hell of a fight and that s great , but the story is poorly told .
you do n't have any real connection with any of the characters and there 's no real story line to follow .
you just go from one random scene to another , nothing flows to form the story that is trying to be conveyed .
if you want a war movie that will keep you riveted , and amazingly enough without battles scenes , then i would suggest " downfall " ( wwii german film ) .
or if you prefer a great story line and a lot of action then i would suggest " brotherhood of war " ( korean war / korean film ) .
these two movies will not let you down as winter war will .
this movie was amusing at times , hell sometimes it was even downright funny .
the underlying message i got from the film though , was that women are responsible for all of the troubles of man .
every time a woman is depicted in the film , she is being lazy , being slutty or lambasting some poor guy for no apparent reason .
i do n't think the message involved is good for women or gay men .
but , it is a comedy , and a piece of art , so it is simply someones point of view .
even if i do n't agree with it , they are still entitled to it .
an amusing film , but some of the comments others have made are just plain stupid .
best film ever my foot .
scary movie 3 is such a stinkfest its hard to put it in words .
it makes movies like malibu 's most wanted look like oscar material , lets just say that .
the original scary movie was great fun ,
one of the better 90s spoof movies , coming from a great team who previously rocked our world with
do nt be a menace to south central
whilst drinking your juice in the hood .
but what the hell happened ? !
after the tragedy that was scary movie 2 , i thought the cast and crew change would help matters , but its even worse .
within 20mins i 'd smiled twice .
not one laugh
, the jokes were recycled and originality was obviously no factor .
the fact that at this point in writing , the majority of people on this site have voted it 10/10 has made me feel physically ill .
when there 's great flicks like school of rock out , which actually have jokes that are
* gasp * funny , anyone wasting their money on tripe like this needs their head
examined.no stars/
* * * *
oh dear lord , how on earth was any part of this film ever approved by anyone ?
it reeks of cheese from start to finish , but it 's not even good cheese .
it 's the scummiest , moldiest , most tasteless cheese there is , and i can not believe there is anyone out there who actually , truly enjoyed it .
yes , if you saw it with a load of drunk / stoned buddies then some bits might be funny in a sad kind of way , but for the rest of the audience the only entertaining parts are when said group of buddies are throwing popcorn and abusive insults at each other and the screen .
i watched it with an up - for - a - few - laughs guy , having had a few beers in preparation to chuckle away at the film 's expected crapness .
we got the crapness ( plenty of it ) , but not the chuckles .
it does n't even qualify as a so - bad - it's - good movie .
it 's just plain bad .
very , very bad .
here 's why ( look away if you 're spoilerphobic ) : the movie starts out with a guy beating another guy to death .
ok , i was a few minutes late in so not sure why this was , but i think i grasped the ' this guy is a bit of a badass who you do n't want to mess with ' message behind the ingenious scene .
oh , and a guy witnesses it .
so , we already have our ultra - evil bad guy , and wussy but cute ( apparently ) good guy .
cue hero .
big sam steps on the scene in the usual fashion , saving good guy in the usual inane way that only poor action films can accomplish , i.e. hero is immune to bullets , everyone else falls over rather clumsily .
cue first plot hole .
how the bloody hell did sammy know where this guy was , or that he 'd watched the murder .
perhaps this , and the answers to all my plot - hole related questions , was explained in the 2 minutes before i got into the cinema , but i doubt it .
in fact , i 'm going to stop poking holes in the plot right here , lest i turn the movie into something resembling swiss cheese ( which we all know is good cheese ) .
so , the ' plot ' ( a very generous word to use ) .
good guy must get to la , evil guy would
rather he did n't , hero sam stands between the two .
cue scenery for the next vomit - inducing hour - the passenger plane .
as i said , no more poking at plot holes , i 'll just leave it there .
passenger plane .
next , the vital ingredient up until now missing from this gem of a movie , and what makes it everything it is - snakes .
oh , pause .
first we have the introduction to all the obligatory characters that a lame movie must have .
hot , horny couple ( see if you can guess how they die ) , dead - before - any - snakes - even - appear british guy ( those pesky brits , eh ? ) , cute kids , and jo brand .
for all you americans that 's an english comic famous for her size and unattractiveness .
now that we 've met the cast , let 's watch all of them die ( except of course the cute kids ) .
do n't expect anything original , it 's just snake bites on various and ever - increasingly hilarious ( really not ) parts of the body .
use your imagination , since the film - makers obviously did n't use theirs .
so , that 's most of the film wrapped up , so now for the best bit , the ending .
as expected , everything is just so happy as the plane lands that everyone in sight starts sucking face .
yep , ice - cool sammy included .
but wait , we 're not all off the plane yet !
the last guy to get off is good guy , but just as he does he gets bitten by a ( you guessed it ) snake ( of all things ) .
clearly this one had been hiding in mr. jackson 's hair the whole time , since it somehow managed to resist the air pressure trick that the good old hero had employed a few minutes earlier , despite the 200 ft constrictor ( the one that ate that pesky british bugger ) being unable to .
so , sam shoots him and the snake in one fell swoop .
at this point i prayed that the movie was about to make a much - needed u - turn and reveal that all along the hero was actually a traitor of some sort .
but no .
in a kind of icing on the cake way ( but with stale cheese , remember ) , it is revealed that the climax of the film was involving a bullet proof vest .
how anyone can think that an audience 10 years ago , let alone in 2006 would be impressed by their ingenuity is beyond me , but it did well in summing up the film .
actually , we 're not quite done yet .
after everyone has sucked face ( uncle sam with leading actress , good guy with tiffany , token black guy with token white girl , and the hot couple in a heart warming bout of necrophilia ) , it 's time for good guy and hero to get it on ....
in bali ! ! !
nope , it was n't at all exciting , the exclamation marks were just there to represent my utter joy at seeing the credits roll .
yes , the final shot of the film is a celebratory surfing trip to convey the message that a bit of male bonding has occurred , and a chance for any morons that actually enjoyed the movie to whoop a few times .
that 's it .
this is the first time i 've ever posted a movie review , but i felt so strongly that somebody must speak out against this scourge of cinematography .
if you like planes , snakes , samuel l.jackson , air hostesses , bad guys , surfing , dogs in bags or english people , then please , please do n't see this movie .
it will pollute your opinion of all of the above so far that you 'll never want to come into contact with any of them ever again .
go see united 93 instead .
that was good .
my wife and i started to watch this movie with anticipation .
it looked warm and touching .
it started out well ; but , soon became boring and frankly idiotic after a while .
it got so bad that we turned it off the movie was poorly acted and honesty , we could n't really understand or wanted to understand what exactly why or how the hell they could put up with this woman !
you lost sympathy for her after she was rude and acting wackos singing and cleaning .
i would have had her committed .
and , of course , like most movies and t.v series made in hollywood we have to throw it a token " gay " character !
this movie was boring .
i was expecting more from diane keaton !
unfortunately , this movie does no credit whatsoever to the original .
nicholas cage , fairly wooden as far as actors go , imbues the screen with a range of skill from , non - plussed to over the top .
the supporting cast is no better .
the plot stays much the same as the original in terms of scene progression but is far worse .
not enough detail is given to allow the audience to by into what is being sold .
it turns out it 's just a bill of poor goods .
disbelief can not be suspended , nor can a befit of a doubt be given .
the only saving aspect of this film is that it is highly visual , as the medium requires , and whomever scouted the location should be commended .
there was much laughter in the audience and multiple boos , literally , at the end .
disappointed !
wait for the original to come on television , pour a whiskey and enjoy .
this is perhaps the creepiest display of santa claus ever committed to any medium , whether it be a book , a picture , or a movie .
santa looks like a perv looking down on the children and the twisted story of bringing merlin in to help him defeat one of satan 's minions , pitch
, does n't make things any better .
it 's laughable to say the least , with bad effects , even for 1959 standards .
if a kid were to watch this movie , he 'd have nightmares and never want santa to visit .
they 'd be scarred for life .
imagine the kid 's in " a christmas story " when they start screaming after being put on santa 's lap .
that 's how this would turn out if kid 's see this movie .
good films can not solely be based on a beautiful garden and a hill top .
surprised to see it has won two awards .
extremely overrated .
i first saw that kind of films from china , visually stunning but also with really something captivating to say , well , more than 10 years ago
and i 'm sure there are still more coming up .
this is not one of them , i 'm afraid .
the only reason i give it a 2 is that filmography is so stylized these days such that it has at least something to comment on .
this film is asinine .
it 's like so many other 21st century grind house fodder .
the gore is gratuitous and simply revolting .
i did n't care about any of the characters , but i did care that some cretin bothered to pen this crap : i 'd complain about the money i spent , but my date and i wisely left after 40 minutes and went to an adjoining theater to watch the adventurous and entertaining " live free or die hard , " which probably got a much higher rating from me simply because i endured the utter poop of " captivity " for 40 minutes .
just when you thought it was safe to go back into the water ...
another computer generated mutant croc on the prowl for human lunchmeat , let loose by another one of those facilities conducting mad science .
gereco biotech company is fooling around with growth hormone research , accidentally releasing a baby crocodile which is evolving at an accelerating rate .
b - movie cast add a deal of fun to this run of the mill " genetic mistake monster movie " .
costas mandylor evokes mick dundee , aussie accent , hat , big ass knife , the works , as a croc specialist hired by gereco executive joanna pacula( .. wasted in the stereotypical role of corrupt administrative executive who denies any involvement with the gigantic beast her facility let free on innocent people ) .
charles napier is the local sheriff whose town is in danger and jane longenecker
is his hot daughter , who works at the animal shelter .
soap opera star matthew borlenghi is longenecker 's love interest , a local artist who welds sculptures( ..
his brother is a victim of the croc ) .
of course , this skill will come in mighty handy when our heroes set up a created trap for the croc , hoping to poison it with carbon monoxide .
the croc itself is never the least bit convincing as it rampages through a reserve looking for food , the special effects of a low grade variety .
in regards to roger corman productions dealing with renegade dino - monsters , i stick with carnosaur .
the monster here is essentially a crocodile standing on it 's hind legs , often upright as it pursues potential victims .
i felt mandylor and the filmmakers were spoofing crocodile dundee with his croc hunter , and this imitation might amuse where the monster itself fails .
borlenghi and longenecker actually have pretty good chemistry together on screen .
as expected , pacula gets her commuppance in hilarious fashion( .. gulp ) .
this was probably the worst movie i have ever seen in my life ! !
it was stupid there was no plot and the special affects were ridiculous ! !
and i have never seen such bad acting in my life !
the only good part about the movie were all the hot guys(especially drew fuller ) .
i do n't know what these people were thinking when they made this movie ! !
i did n't even want to finish the whole thing because you get to this point in the movie where the guys are all in bed touching themselves .
i mean it was like some kind of sick and twisted kiddy porn !
i would advise anyone who has heard of this movie and was interested in seeing it to just forget about it and find another movie to watch !
i was very disappointed ! !
the whole movie was a complete waste of time in my opinion .
i 'm actually watching this film as i write this .
if the following comments " prove my lack of development as a true , artistic film maker " , then so be it . .
.but .
i thought ( am still thinking as i 'm presently viewing ) that this film . . .
to put it mildly , is very , very overrated .
again , very .
it looks like a really , really bad student film done by a someone with beyond extremely limited resources .
and who did n't pay that much attention to detail .
i do n't want to go on and on regarding all the different ways that i find this film lacking , but . . .
well .
i just do n't get it
( rememeber , i fully admit that maybe it 's me
that 's the idiot here - not the film maker - for not getting this " piece of imaginative genius " ) .
i rented this on a whim because the reviews were very , very outstanding . .
.sheesh . . .
this movie in away was super - clever .
it 's theme rhymes with every single horror movie ever made .
valentine makes zero attempt to be original .
what is valentine anyway ?
it 's a bunch of people giving each other the same lame messages that were given to the same people a year earlier .
there is nothing original in valentine .
i only saw it once , and in that one viewing here are some of the films it ripped off .
1.prom
night 2.carrie 3.scream 4.any other horror movie in which somebody is killing somebody .
i know there is more , but my mind was slowly turning into a puddle of silk so it could n't grab them as fast as they came .
valentine had no chance of being a good movie .
how come every horror movie has to have a " suprise " killer , people you do n't care about because their emotions take a turn every other scene .
one minute a nice girl turns into an evil b -- ch , then she 's an insecure woman , and so on and son on .
normally any horror movie ( in my book ) can be saved by gore , once again valentine does n't have this .
it was as if they tried to make it pg-13
but failed , so they left the edit .
do not see this overly - inspired , rip - off unless you hate yourself , and you want to die.*1/2 ( 3 ) -j.leonard rollins-
very disappointing film .
by the end i no longer cared for any of the characters .
i did enjoy seeing ving rhames in a very small part , and william macy was good as always , still not worth watching .
it starts out strong and just keeps getting weaker and weaker .
insomniacs will like it as i am sure it will put them to sleep .
kim basinger stars as della , a desperate housewife with a somewhat abusive husband , who gets into trouble while she 's out at the local mall doing some last minute christmas shopping .
after placing a hastily scrawled hateful note on a piece of paper and sticking said paper in the windshield of a car that took up two parking spaces , she finds out the owners of the car are the rainbow coilition of villains comprising of a white guy , a mexican , a chinese guy & a black .
they confront her about the note , cap a helpless security guard , and the chase is on .
during the course of the film della will go for hunted to hunter as she unleashes her inner bronson .
i found this to be a somewhat tense little thriller .
the acting was good enough ( except for a few scenes , the " why god why " bit was cringe worthy in
it 's badness though )
it comes undone a bit due to the sheer fact that the villains della chases from / after
are mind - numbingly stupid .
if they had n't had the intellect of any given " home alone " baddie , perhaps their eventual defeat would be something to savor instead of the meh reaction it evokes .
the unbelievability factor i 'm willing to overlook as both the director & one of the producers had part in bringing " shoot em up " to the screen ( a film which while throwing credibility out the window was immensely fun ) .
this film while never attaining the heights of that film , was good in it 's own rights .
my grade :
c- anchor bay dvd extras : commentary with writer / director susan montford and producer don murphy ; a 25 and a half minute ' making - of ' ; a trailer & two tv spots for this film ; and trailer for lower learning
although it got some favorable press after playing at the toronto intl .
film festival , there were a number of reasons not to expect too much from this .
one -- it 's an ultra - low budget canadian film .
two -- it 's written , directed and starring the same person ( usually a bad sign , unless it 's woody allen , george clooney or one or two other respected filmmakers ) .
but despite my watching it with lowered expectations , it still turned out to a far bigger disappointment than i thought possible .
in a nutshell -- bad script , bad acting , terrible directing !
do n't waste your time or money on this turkey .
it claims to be a comedy , but i only laughed twice .
plus , there is awful music blaring throughout .
how this got any attention i 'll never know .
i actually paid to see this movie in the theater .
it would get a 1-rating , but the fight scenes between the robots are okay , and there 's a surprise .
i realize that some movies have larger budgets than others .
i do n't have a problem with that .
unfortunately , science fiction movies probably suffer the most on a small budget for obvious reasons .
but , one way this movie fails is that just about every piece of each set looked cheesy and cheap .
i mean , could n't they even make it " look " good?the other major reason this movie is horrible
is the acting
if i watched the movie now and knew what to expect , i might just enjoy it for the cheese - factor , but at the time , i was expecting a good movie and had no clue as to how horrible it would actually end up being .
thankfully , the experience was over in only 85 minutes .
shiri appleby is the cutest little embodiment of evil turned good girl demon - kicking buffy clone , elle .
but i 'm getting ahead of myself , you see lilith was the first woman made by god as a companion to adam .
but she got all uppity evil feminist
so god banished her from eden .
a clandestine order known as the fath captures her but does n't kill her , so now with amnesia ( which is not really explained that well )
lilith ( now elle ) is free to become the aforementioned buffy - clone who has to battle with a mad scientist who got an injection of lilith 's blood .
if the previous paragraph sounded hideously convoluted , that 's because it is .
the movie is also dull , generic , and for a film with a plot steeped in theology it does n't seem to know a lick about it .
this bargain basement lousy - cgied movie was apparently a failed series pilot .
all i can say to the fact that it did n't get picked up is a resounding amen .
my grade : d - dvd extras : commentary by writer / director bill platt and co - writer chris regina ; and stills gallery ; video effects samples :
before & after ( it also has an " also available " selection that you would think would lead you to some trailers , but nope on dvd covers for other films , which is a stupid idea)dvd - rom extras :
final shooting script and deleted scenes transcript both in pdf format
another trashy grade z quickie from the prolific albert pyun .
tim thomerson´s
13 inch clint eastwood - like cop from outer space chases an ugly flying head ( ! ) to earth and gets involved in a gang war in south bronx !
mercifully short , but deadeningly dull , with the cheesiest effects since attack of the 50ft woman .
they should have fired the continuity guy , too :
note how thomerson´s sunglasses disappears and reappears in every second shot .
laughably bad , but that´s
why we watch these movies , ain´t it ?
sequel ´
dollman
demonic toys ´ is reportedly even worse , if that´s
possible.0
* * * * )
saw this movie when it first came out in the 1970 's and hated , hated , hated it !
easily the most booooring movie i have ever seen in my life .
do n't know where leigh got his inspiration but
this is one of those movies where you want to shake the characters to get them to open their mouths and communicate .
the title says it all because there are no saving moments in this movie , just long , long silences with people unable to articulate what they are
( presumably ) feeling .
if you want to watch something that will drive you to drink then this is the one for you .
if you have nothing better to do for two hours then stick a fork in a toaster : the experience will be infinitely more pleasurable than anything you will get from this !
yes , leigh came up with a lot of really worthwhile stuff much later in his career but give this one a miss .
bored londoners henry kendall and joan barry ( as fred and emily hill ) receive an advance on an inheritance .
they use the money go traveling .
their lives become more exciting as they begin relationships with exotic betty amann ( for mr. kendall ) and lonely percy marmont ( for ms. barry ) .
but , they remain as boring as they were before .
arguably bored director alfred hitchcock tries to liven up the well - titled ( as quoted in the film , from shakespeare 's " the tempest " ) " rich and strange " by ordering up some camera trickery .
an opening homage to king vidor 's " the crowd " is the highlight .
the low point may be the couple dining on chinese prepared cat .
rich and strange ( 12/10/31 )
alfred hitchcock ~
henry kendall , joan barry , percy marmont , elsie randolph
a truly , truly dire canadian - german co - production , the ever - wonderful rosanna arquette plays an actress whose teenage daughter redefines the term " problem child " - a few uears prior to the " action " the child murdered her father , and mum took the fall for the offspring .
now she 's moved up to the northwest us to start over , but her child still has a problem in that she 's devoted to her mother .
so devoted in fact that she kills anyone who might be seen as a threat to their bond .
unfortunately mandy schaeffer ( as the daughter ) murders more than people
- she delivers such a terrible performance that she also wipes out the movie , though the incoherent script , useless direction and appalling music ( check out the saxophone the first time she displays her bikini - clad bod )
do n't help any ; we 're supposed to find her sexy and scary , but she fails on both counts .
almost completely unalluring and not even bad enough to be amusing ( not to mention the fact that arquette and schaeffer do n't really convince as mother and daughter ) , all condolences to miss arquette and jurgen prochnow , both of whom are worthy of far more than this , and both of whom ( particularly rosanna ) are the only sane reasons for anyone to sit through this farrago .
one of the production companies is called quality international films - not since the three - hour " love , lies and murder " ( from two short productions )
has there been such a " you must be joking " credit .
this is the second british rank film to adapt the stories of sommerset maugham to film .
all but one story from ' quartet ' does not travel well into the contempory era ; and the actors speech is decidedly " clipped " , as only british pre-1950 's actors delivery can be .
in anycase ' trio ' seems tighter and more filmic than the first film adaptation .
one of the problems these two films ca n't overcome is that their source material was written 25 - 30 years prior to the films .
consequently , by the 1950 's maughm 's ( pre - war ) popularist " small morality " storyteling seemed rather quaint , if not downright coy .
may contain spoilers ...
but doubt it can actually be spoilt!!.five across the eyes can be summed up in one word ....
amateurish .
this film tries it 's best to be different from most films by the ' blair witch ' type of filming ....
it does n't work ....
it just ends up looking and feeling like somebody had a cheap video camera , a van and decided to make a movie .
the story has no explanation , the protagonist is given no real motivation ( and looks like a lesbian wearing a power - suit compared to the five girls ) and there is no violence to speak of ... just the sounds of screaming and crunching .
the whole film takes place inside a van which means decent scenery is out of the question .
the five girls really do their best with what they 've been given but on the whole come across as pretty terrible actresses ...
although with the material given it 's hard to judge if they can actually act ....
they spend the whole movie screaming , squealing and whimpering ....
so much that half the time it 's hard to make out what was said and the cameras are so bad
it 's actually hard to tell who said it .
this video paints itself as a violent torture film but is in fact just five girls in a van screaming in terror ...
that literally sums up the whole movie .....
we then get to the end after what seems like 5 hours of constant screaming and all five girls are still alive ... with one minus a finger .
the only thumbs up(get it ...
finger ....
lol ) is for the poor actresses who tried hard and probably lost their voices(and their pride ) after making this terrible movie .
do not judge this by the poster ....
you'll be very let down .
drew barrymore is an actress that has gone through bad periods , not only in her career , but in her personal life too .
after being a prodigy child actress she descended into obscurity with mediocre films of low quality .
while she has recovered from that dark past , this movie stays as a reminder of drew barrymore 's worst days .
the movie starts with an interesting premise , very reminiscent to brian de palma 's " raising cain " ; with a plot dealing with multiple personality disorder that sets the story for a horror / thriller .
barrymore stars as holly gooding , a young woman who is trying to make a new life in california after a traumatic event of her past in which apparently her other personality killed her mother .
suddenly , her past returns to haunt her as her evil personality is back in her life willing to ruin her new found peace and her new found love .
in the middle of the chaos his new boyfriend , patrick highsmith ( george newbern ) , will try to help holly to face the demons of her past .
unlike de palma 's underrated thriller , " doppelganger " is for the most part a mediocre film that not only never fulfills it 's purpose , it also concludes in one of the worst endings of movie history .
while barrymore is definitely not at her best , she manages to keep her dignity with an above average performance .
the rest of the cast however range from mediocre to painfully bad over - the - top performances , although leslie hope manages to be among the best of them .
the script is full of clichés and de palma 's influence is quite obvious .
while the movie tries to be original by making literary references in almost every line , the dialogs are dull and the wooden acting certainly does n't do any good .
it has a fair share of nudity and for strange reasons , and excessive use of special effects .
the make - up effects are done by the outstanding knb and are really among the few good things in the movie .
however , the bizarre over - use of the effects in the totally out of context ending decreases the impact of knb 's work and makes cheesy what in a different movie would be amazing .
the fact that this is a b - movie is no excuse for it 's low quality , as with a better and more coherent script this could had been an interesting movie .
sadly , all we have here is a mediocre film that gets worse every second .
worthy for barrymore 's beauty .
2 stars out of a possible 10 - and that is being overly generous .
i thought with a cast of james woods , cathy bates , randy quaid , lou gossett , jr. , and henry thomas
- how could it miss .
i was wrong .
i can only wonder what drugs sam shepard was on the week - end
he cranked out this piece of dribble .
i 'd long suspected sam s. of being kind of nuts , this film , based on his play , confirms it .
this is the kind of artsy b.s .
that actors love to sink their teeth into as it gives them a chance to endlessly emote .
however , for the viewer who sits through this nonsensical trash , there is absolutely nothing to love about this movie .
you have n't seen dysfunctional families until you 've seen this bunch .
pa is crazy , ma is crazy , the son is crazy and the daughter is , oh yeah , crazy .
they also have mouths on them that utter words that would make a sailor blush , especially the teenage daughter .
in addition to the above , as if that were n't enough , the plot -- and it 's so thin
you could read thorough it -- has a hole in it the size of alaska .
ma is conspiring to sell their rundown farm .
as it turns out so is pa.
now i do n't claim to be a real estate expert , but the last time i checked , property jointly owned must have both of the owners signatures in order to be sold .
if only one of them owned the property , then the other could not legally sell it , so it would be pointless for that person to do so .
mr. shepherd prefers to ignore this basic fact , and therefore , his plot does not work .
not that anything else was really working anyway .
the only possible reason anyone could have for watching this film is if they are absolutely desperate to see james woods in full frontal nudity , and i ca n't imagine why anyone would want to .
this is a typical steele novel production in that two people who have undergone some sort of tragedy manage to get together despite the odds .
i would n't call this a spoiler because anyone who has read a steele novel knows how they all end .
if you do n't want to know much about the plot , do n't keep reading .
gilbert 's character , ophelia , is a woman of french decent who has lost her husband and son in an accident .
gilbert needs to stop doing films where she is required to have an accent because she , otherwise a good actress , can not realistically pull off any kind of accent .
brad johnson , also an excellent actor , is matt , who is recovering from a rather nasty divorce .
he is gentle , convincing and compelling in this role .
the two meet on the beach through her daughter , pip , and initially , ophelia accuses matt of being a child molester just because he talked art with the kid .
all of them become friends after this episode
and then the couple falls in love .
the chemistry between the two leads is not great , even though the talent of these two people is not , in my opinion , a question .
they did the best they could with a predictable plot and a script that borders on stereotypical .
two people meet , tragedy , bigger tragedy , a secret is revealed , another tragedy , and then they get together .
i wish there was more to it than that , but there it is in a nutshell .
i wanted mindless entertainment , and i got it with this .
in regard to the genre of romantic films , this one fails to be memorable . "
a secret affair " with janine turner is far superior ( not a steele book ) , as are some of steele 's earlier books turned into film .
the dukes of hazzard will academy awards ! !
best actor and actress 4 the persons who can say with a straight face that this was a great movie .
this " movie " was a torture to watch .
so sad how an weekly half hour entertainment was destroyed by these amateurs .
the only good thing about this crap was the car !
i remember when daisy was a real threat to look 4ward 2 .
who 's the moron that decided that jessica simpson is hot ? !
we know she ca n't act but come on .
in the tv show daisy was a fox and brunette .
all members who contributed in these waste of time please please please do n't even think about makin a sequel , a prequel or anything that 's got
2 do with a former tv show .
i gave a empty dvd so this " movie " could be burned 4 me .
i sat trough it
and i want my money back !
this early role for barbara shelley(in fact , her first in britain after working in italy),was made when she was 24 years old , and it 's certainly safe to say that she made a stunning debut in 1957 's " cat girl . "
while blondes and brunettes get most of the attention(i'll always cherish yutte stensgaard),the lovely auburn - haired actress with the deep voice always exuded intelligence as well as vulnerability(one
such example being 1960 's " village of the damned , " in which her screen time was much less than her character 's husband , george sanders).she is the sole reason for seeing this drab update of " cat people , " and is seen to great advantage
throughout(it 's difficult to say if her beauty found an even better showcase).her character apparently sleeps in the nude , and we are exposed to her luscious bare back when she is awakened(also exposed 8 years later in 1965 's " rasputin - the mad monk").the ravishing gown she wears during most of the film
is a stunning strapless wonder(i
do n't see what held that dress up , but i 'd sure like to).all in all , proof positive that barbara shelley , in a poorly written role that would defeat most actresses , rises above her material and makes the film consistently watchable , a real test of star power , which she would find soon enough at hammer 's studios in bray , for the duration of the 1960 's .
the sign of a classic movie is that it ages like a fine red wine .
this movie is no cabarnet and certainly no casablanca .
i agree with the other reviewers that the children in the movie are an unfortunate mutation that now plagues us nightly in sit - coms and the dialogue is stilted and preachy .
but let 's look at the obsolete theme of the movie .
with the passage of sixty plus years of history comes wisdom .
since watch on the rhine , author lillian hellman has been exposed as a bidenesque plagiarist with her so called real - life story " julia " from her book " pentimento " .
as one of the most odious of a plethora of western - based ussr apologists , it is obvious her theme in the play and movie was to stir america to action to save the bloody soviet dictator stalin and international communism from the fascists , who had just proved their military superiority in spain .
as one reviewer correctly noted , this is not a pro - american play and movie , as lillian went to her grave an american - loathing communist .
this film chronicles that familiar smug stupidity of the intellectual elites that made up the american left then , just as now the full mooner left of the daily kos and michael moore has bought into the conspiracy theories and once again given aid and comfort to those who would destroy america .
this has got to be the cheesiest , stupidest , most retarded monster film of all time .
it 's a complete joke that this even surfaced into theaters .
this is sort of like watching the loch ness monster in rural america .
this movie deserves to be thrown in a toilet and completely forgotten .
john carradine , shame on you .
the people involved in this moronic pile of trash need to be lobotomized .
wait !
maybe i 'm giving them too much credit .
i 'm sure they were lobotomized before the filming .
how else can one explain the utter and sheer stupidity that this bucket of crap contains .
do n't waste a minute of your life watching this .
do n't even waste your time sending a review .
note : i will reveal a key part of the plot , but if you 've looked at the dvd cover or any promotional material , you 'll already know it .
this movie seems to have been written by an eleven - year - old who is n't very bright and was probably very tired when he wrote it .
the writer does n't know the difference between a chemical and an organism .
forget the fact the the un and the nsa seem to be running the show in hungary .
forget the fact that when these master intelligence agents go chasing after someone whose mere touch will kill you in about a minute they do n't wear protective gear ( not even gloves ) .
these are quibbles in the context of this movie .
in the scientific world within this story , 2 + 2=6.34 and gravity goes sideways .
the fact is that the people in this movie do not ( with a few exceptions ) behave the way human beings behave .
almost every time a character responds to something it is inappropriate .
the love story ( of course there is one ) makes soap opera scripts seem like shakespeare .
i ca n't believe we wasted a free movie rental on this thing .
dear dear dear dear dear ...
i had the strength to see it through ...
but why?!the first two films where fun and actually somewhat good .
but this is so bad we had problems seeing the whole thing .
this was some kind of tremors for kids .
i ca n't believe this movie was made at all .. seems like the props where taken from some bad western series of some kind ( for kids ) and they just did whatever they could with it .
what audience is this movie for ?
i can only think of 12 - 14 year olds .
if you 're older than 14 you 'll have serious problems with this movie .
it 's not only slow , but it 's so utterly boring .
the characters are overacted ( not just a little either ) and so stereotyped it 's fun for a while .. but not long enough to not make you want to fling tomatoes at the screen .
you know everything that is going to happen too , cause yes ...
you've seen it a billion times before in any hero series on tv for kids .
i picked all the survivors and all the tremor fodder the second the characters got introduced .
it 's so bad ..
so wrong ..
so ... crap .
but ok , we did get a laugh now and then .
not just at the silly plot holes , but some scenes where worth a replay or two ... or one scene that is , where two baby tremors fling themselves at one of the obvious tremor fodder guys ..
it 's really a great scene which made us replay it over and over and laugh wholeheartedly .
still makes me grin when i think about it .
but that only happened one more time sadly .. and that 's when the " badass " gunman shows up and overacts his part wonderfully ...
that and one comment "
they spring from the ground like some demonic trout !
at this point we where almost crying with laughter .
but after that .. nothing could ever top that ..
(?) ..
so it 's pretty much downhill from there .
so tops here are demonic trouts and overacting .
if anybody ever tells you this is a good movie ...
he 's either a " plant " , vegetable or someone very evil .
this movie has got to be the worst of the tremors by far .
looking forward to seeing tremors 3 , it 's bound to be box office hit compared to this ...
this ...
*goosebumps
* no ..
i'll leave it at that .
i have read all of the love come softly
books .
knowing full well that movies can not use all aspects of the book , but generally they at least have the main point of the book .
i was highly disappointed in this movie .
the only thing that they have in this movie that is in the book is that missy 's father comes to visit,(although in the book both parents come ) .
that is all .
the story line was so twisted and far fetch
and yes , sad , from the book , that i just could n't enjoy it .
even if i did n't read the book it was too sad .
i do know that pioneer life was rough , but the whole movie was a downer .
the rating is for having the same family orientation of the film that makes them great .
why did they make this movie ?
if timothy olyphant was n't shirtless in it several times , there would be absolutely no reason to watch this movie , ever .
um ... plot ?
nope .
well - defined characters ?
nope .
the only time i laughed was when my boyfriend made fun of the whole she - bang .
p.s. andy dick ?
nope .
i know the people and i did some of the animation and graphic design and the show is horrible !
they are rich little kids who do n't have any talent , and probably just begged nick to accept them !
alex has played the drums for one yearm , i 've played for 4 1/2 !
the movie is terrible and so is the show !
this is the craziest most mixed up comedy that even isint funny
i 've ever seen .
it is so stupid it makes me want to barf ! ! !
it is just so crazy that nickelodeon would ever accept something like this and so dumb !
they are sooo stupid and weird !
i hate them and their show and think once nick realizes how stupid it is they will most hopefully take it off !
i was lucky enough to see a chorus line when it came to my city ..
i was younger then ..
but it was an excellent play ..
so would someone please tell me why in heavens name did they have to make a movie out of it .. and
why michael douglas ? ? ?
he did nt suit the role ..
this movie really sucked big time ! ! !
my advise is not to rent this movie .. save your money for something better like " cats " ....
a boring movie about a boring town in the 50 's .
how can anyone think this is a classic ?
the producer pretty much ended his career by pushing his girlfriend , cybil shepard , into several movies that were way above her acting ability .
i think this movie gives an insight to how bad peter bogdonovitch 's future movies were going to be .
cybil shepard 's career took a dive after being in several movies that peter bogdonovich produced .
it was n't until " moonlighting " that her career started to come back .
i thought the acting was poor rendition of the , " graduate " .
i have noticed that this movie has n't been shown in the us .
the only place i have watched it was overseas in europe late at night .
underneath the dense green glop of computer graphics there gleamed the astounding art and skill of ichikawa somegoro .
alas : it got lost in all the goo .
the scenes of old edo -- with the courtesan , drifting on the sumida , rehearsing and acting in the nakamura - za -- were all exciting and engaging , taking you back to an interesting and rich era .
the action on the kabuki stage , in which somegoro excels and excites , was more enriching than any of the absurd high jinks that followed .
the skill , the energy in the audience , the colors of the sets , were far more satisfying than all the nonsense that took over plot and performance .
what a wasted opportunity !
one of the best kabuki actors alive , and he gets lost in the dreck .
the first few minutes of " the bodyguard " do have a campy charm : it opens with crawling text from the bible ( the part that samuel jackson recites to his soon - to - be victims in " pulp fiction " ) , continues with two karate school teachers in new york arguing about the eternal question of mankind ( who is better ?
sonny chiba or bruce lee ? )
, and then chiba appears , playing himself ; he immediately stops a plane hijacking and breaks a bottle in two with his bare hand .
unfortunately , any entertainment value , intentional or unintentional , soon gets crushed by the disjointed story , the lack of action for long periods of time , and the poor quality of any present action .
to keep it simple , here 's why " the bodyguard " is an unbearable movie to watch:1 )
you do n't know what 's going on .
there are barely any fights .
the fights that are there , are short and terribly filmed .
sonny chiba is cool .
judy lee is gorgeous , her face is glorious .
it 's only for them that i give " the bodyguard " a 2nd star out of 10 .
this movie makes 87 minutes feel like 5 hours .
barbara streisand directs and stars in this very jewish story .
to have a chance at obtaining an education , babs enthusiastically disguises herself as a boy which is n't the most difficult thing to do since she already looks like a boy , anyway .
at her new school she meets many male classmates who have no trouble at all in believing she 's a guy .
don't miss the best of many moments of unintentional humor when babs ' male friend thinks she 's a man , but pins ' him ' to the ground , sits on top of ' him ' , and looks affectionately into ' his ' eyes
* snicker*.mediocre film ; splashy story about nothing particularly interesting .
i have begun to melt so i will make this review as short and sweet as possible .
there 's this astronaut , and he goes up in a spacecraft with two other guys , ya know ?
except something happens that exposes him to radiation , and then when they come back ... well , never mind what happened to the other guys , but our astronaut has begun to melt !
no , not just burn up , but melt !
like an ice cream cone in july !
well ok maybe not that fast ,
but ya know what i mean .
anyway , he gets all red & gooey , and the fact that he 's melting makes him really mad .
i guess he also checked out the " melting man " handbook because suddenly he knows that in order to keep from totally melting away , he has to eat human flesh , so he starts ripping people apart .
there are other characters , but in a movie where a man melts and melts and melts ( and melts ) , do you really need any others ?
what 's important is who will he munch next , and what will be left of them ?
how long will it take for him to just melt away to nothing ?
why was this movie made in the first place ?
where did they get the money ?
when will you fall asleep while watching it?i've very nearly melted , but i still have enough time left to tell you that this movie is dreadfully boring , even though the idea is really cool and kind of gross .
the makeup is neat but everything else is ... splat
the story is very trustworthy and powerful .
the technical side of the movie is quite fine ..
even the directing of it .
the main problem is with the castings , that turned that movie into almost another local and regular cliché with a great lack of impact and even greater lack of impression .
beside the small role of the father , rafael ( played impressively by asi dayan ) , all other actors were unfortunately not in their best .
the role of the elder blind girl , played by taly sharon , was fresh but without any intensity as the leading role .
therefore the figure she acted had become mild and low profile .
there were moments and episodes that looked more like a rehearsal then a real movie .
but after all it 's a good point to begin from and to make big improvements in the future .
unlike many , i do n't find the premise or theme of this show the least bit offensive .
its execution , however , is another matter entirely .
like so many b - minus movies , all the decent gags appear to have been spliced into the trailers .
for most of the 22-or - so minutes we sit in waning anticipation any morsel of real humor .
or at least something to keep one from fidgeting with the remote or counting carpet fibers .
with a couple of exceptions the acting is awful ; the comical over - emoting and gesticulating of some cast members might be well suited to a late - night infomercial , but not a primetime sitcom ( even a canadian one . )
notwithstanding the admittedly original cultural angle , i can not help but think this is mainly a misfired shot by the cbc to replicate the success of corner gas .
unfortunately , they got the tone -- and the script -- completely wrong for the prairies .
the final insult is that they apparently could n't even afford to have the location work done in an actual small town
( why ? are they so hard to find in saskatchewan ? )
did they think the audience would be fooled by the downtown regina exteriors ?
as a proud canadian i hope this thing goes away soon , and that the rest of the world , primed by the cbc 's publicists , quickly forgets this colossal embarrassment of a sitcom .
having read the other comments on this film , i would like to share my own view that this is one tough movie to see unless you are a total brooksophile .
i am not .
when looked at by a purely objective observer , the film is an unbalanced narrative that presents us with more undistilled neuroses than are capable of being absorbed in one sitting .
it is quite difficult to watch .
the brooks character ( robert cole ) is so unsympathetic and unpleasant that it is hard to relate to him --- let alone root for him as he stumbles from one dysfunctional self - absorbed situation to the next .
and he should never do a topless scene and expect to be taken seriously in a romantic context .
no man could have that much exposed foliage and be supposed to turn on a babe like kathryn harrold----unless , of course , he is albert brooks in an albert brooks - controlled production .
"modern
romance " has its amusing moments-----but
they are fragmentary and infrequent .
more often than not , i felt as if i were on a confined journey with a thoroughly dislikable person and wishing that it would end already .
it confirms the problems that can develop when too much control of a film is placed in only one person --- someone who lacks the self - discipline to be able to step back from it and see what is clearly happening .
as most people probably know , james l. brooks , who played the director in this film , is in fact what he portrayed .
six years later , he cast albert brooks in the very successful " broadcast news . "
james showed us how albert can shape a credible and entertaining comic performance .
albert allowed us to see james ( generally not cast as an actor ) do a rare comic turn in a surprisingly effective manner .
fans of " modern romance " will by now have moved on to the next laudatory comment about it .
to you i say-----there is enough pain in the world without having to find it in a film intended as an entertainment .
giving credit where it 's due , only the technicolor , costumes and sets deserve any honorable mention .
this is undoubtedly the lowest point in bing crosby 's long career at paramount .
the script is about as clumsy as you could possibly imagine and neither the casual bing nor william bendix nor sir cedric hardwicke can do a thing about repairing it .
bendix looks extremely foolish in a page boy wig .
and poor rhonda fleming has a stock costume heroine role requiring her to look adoringly at bing and little else except for warbling a couple of uninspired ballads in a voice probably dubbed for the occasion .
just plain awful !
mark twain 's wit is not evident in any of the screenplay .
only die - hard crosby fans can possibly appreciate this mess of a film given uninspired direction .
even the extras look as though they do n't know what they 're supposed to be doing .
summing up : dull as dishwater .
not recommended , even for children .
some films that you pick up for a pound turn out to be rather good - 23rd century films released dozens of obscure italian and american movie that were great , but although hardgore released some fulci films amongst others , the bulk of their output is crap like the zombie chronicles .
the only positive thing i can say about this film is that it 's nowhere near as annoying as the stink of flesh .
other than that , its a very clumsy anthology film with the technical competence of a lego house built by a whelk .
it 's been noted elsewhere , but you really do have to worry about a film that inserts previews of the action into its credit sequence , so by the time it gets to the zombie attacks , you 've seen it all already .
bad movie fans will have a ball watching the 18,000 continuity mistakes and the diabolical acting of the cast ( especially the hitchhiker , who was so bad he did make me laugh a bit ) , and kudos to hardgore for getting in to the spirit of things by releasing a print so bad it felt like i was watching some beat up home video of a camping trip .
awful , awful stuff .
we 've all made stuff like this when we 've gotten a hold of a camera , but common sense prevails and these films languish in our cupboards somewhere .
avoid .
i like animated shows .
i enjoy the nick fare pretty much , including hey , arnold .
but moving a tv show to the big screen is n't easy and this just did n't feel big enough .
it was more like a long episode of the show , and it just did n't move along that well .
judging by the behavior of the kids we had with us , it did n't score that well with them either .
the lowest score possible is one star ?
that 's a shame .
really , i 'm going to lobby imdb for a " zero stars " option .
to give this film even a single star is giving way too much .
am i the only one who noticed the microphones dangling over hopper 's head at the station ?
and the acting , or should i say the lack thereof ?
apparently talent was n't a factor when the casting director came to town .
my little sister 's elementary school talent show provides greater range and depth of emotion .
and those fake irish accents were like nails on a chalk board .
the only thing that could have made this movie worse would have been ...
oh , wait , no ,
no , it 's already as bad as it can get .
this is n't a film , it 's a 111-minute evangelical christian sermon draped over red state america 's # 1 sport , high school football .
another of the long , earnest messages to the converted who are then presumed to be fired up enough by the spirit to go abroad and convert their unsaved neighbours .
dialogue like " you won the big one when you accepted
christ " loses any possible camp appeal by the disturbing intensity in director / coach alex kendrick 's sunken black eyes .
then there are the " parables" .
two farmers prayed for rain but only one prepared his field to receive it .
which one do you think god blessed ?
this rhetorical question is meant to foreshadow the miraculous climax , in the course of which coach asks his trepidous back - up kicker , " son , do you think god could help you make that kick ?
" it 's the kind of entertainment we could have expected would receive faith - based funding ad infinitum , if only the evangelical christian bush administration 's hegemonic pursuits around the world had convinced us all to become " devout " after their example .
behold that poor giants coach in the apocalyptic finale , urging his team on crying " who 's with me ! "
while the devout eagles on the other side were quietly going about doing the lord 's work .
so , do you think our terrified back - up makes his kick to vanquish those self - centrist goliaths ?
well , we all know zealots ca n't lose .
put it this way
: transfer the playing ground to the deserts of the middle east , replace the christian proselytizing , and this virulent nonsense can easily be repackaged as a taliban - vs - superpower parable , which the devout worshippers of this garbage might want to think about a minute .
luckily they wo n't care , nor need to : like coach tells his team of earnest empty vessels pregame , the answers are all right here in this book .
and the christian right will devour this on their way to their rapture , that final victory they have prepared their fields for .
obviously has some talent attached , maria bello is always great .
but this is just a dreary wast of time , portraying every character as someone to be loathed and exploited so someone could make a movie out of an ' interesting ' story .
well , i hope they got it out of their systems .
unfortunately for the audience , there is no insight , no sensitivity , no context , and really no humanity .
which would all be fine , except it has no humor , no horror , no context , and nothing constructive to say about the story it 's trying to tell .
bad things happen , you sit and watch it , you do n't care , so
what ?
99 % of the time , the words ' based on a true story ' constitute an unintentional warning to the audience .
it means the director and screenwriter are lazy and fascinated by some events they heard about somewhere , so they just throw them up on the screen and expect the ' true ' nature of the story to make the audience feel something without the filmmakers having to do any of the work .
i hope they had a great time making this movie .
it stinks on ice .
oh just what i needed , another movie about 19th century england .
which is pretty much like regular england , only nobody 's vandalising football stadiums .
in this picturesque setting of lords , dames and other randomly chosen titles , charlotte gainsbourg walks around aimlessly as jane eyre , from that novel nobody has ever read willingly .
jane usually hangs out in mr .
rochester 's crib , where she tries to teach a french girl to look at an empty chalkboard all the time .
one day , mr . rochester(william hurt on auto - pilot)comes back to fall in love with jane and all that , but there 's still the matter of his fruitcake wife that is locked in the attic .
oops , that was n't in the brochure .
after some people being thrown around and some carefully spread fire(they probably rented the set),the movie finally comes to an end .
everything looked really authentic , that 's something i guess .
but then again , nah .
my score for this crap : 1 / 10 1 for the technical only .
everything else is very bad .
another film that makes no sense .
clearly it seems that creating a good script for film or television is almost a impossible mission .
while it 's easy to understand why politicians never say the truth , they are among the biggest liars on the planet , it is difficult to understand how to make films so pathetic .
we must believe that taking people for morons .
perhaps it was reason to believe , since 99 % of the films are crap .
because they are stupid and ridiculous and very bad scenarios .
when you look at the price we give oscars , we understand better why we continue to make films any more ridiculous than others .
and oddly enough it was always money for such nonsense .
but it was not for education and health .
if you still want to listen to this s**t , press super fast forward button ( at least 20x ) .
the 1930 ' were a golden age of los angeles with its film industry and great potential of various other possibilities to become rich and famous and happy .
people were arriving there hoping to fulfill their dreams .
expecting open arms and welcoming offers there were only a few who managed to succeed and find their way to stardom , majority then condemned to live starving , disillusioned and unwanted , searching for a bit of respect in dirty bars and nasty hotel rooms .
young italian - american writer arturo bandini arrives to la on a similar quest - to spread his charms around to get one of those beautiful wealthy women and to write an excellent novel that would set him on a career path , having so far written a single short story published in an obscure anthology .
wishing to create a romantic masterpiece he seems to be unable to produce anything without experiencing it himself though , occasionally , he sends pieces of magazine stories to a local editor that helps him survive .
he is proud to present himself as an italian but deep in his heart he truly feels his italian origin as a burden .
the little money and the courage to conquer the world he once had are all long gone and watching his dream turning into a hangover he holds a last single nickel to spend .
the coffee she brought him was cold and sour and spitting a curse on her triggers a never - ending relationship of insults , unspoken excuses and a love concealed beneath .
camilla being an uneducated girl trying to receive us citizenship through a marriage also carries her heavy cross of a non - perspective racial heritage .
though she is much of a stronger and life experienced person her situation as a beautiful mexican woman is much harder to deal with than arturo
is able to realize .
is it obvious that arturo eventually finds his inspiration to work on the novel ?
is it possible that their love finally finds its place in the sun ?
is it likely that their romance takes an unlucky turn?it is very surprising to find out that the chemistry between the two main characters , performed by salma hayek and colin farrell , does not work .
the relationship lacks the raw and authentic feelings .
hayek though livelier a character compared to farrell 's forgot to arm camilla with the passion and strength of her once brilliant character frida .
also it is hard to have faith in a character which being intelligent but uneducated and illiterate uses quite difficult vocabulary and complicated sentences .
a tougher character of a phil marlowe sort would definitely suit farrell better , though he looks stunning in a period costume
, he seems very lost trying to find the fragile world of a twenty - year old dreamer balancing between a hidden love and desire to be true to himself .
feeling embarrassed watching the two on the screen is not right .
their relationship might have been wild but it is more likely what a thunder and a lightning are without a storm , far from real passion , feelings just described not felt inside .
it is very sad that such a potential of an interesting script and good actors was wasted , turned into a grey average of soon - to - be - forgotten .
this was one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
branaugh seemed to have so much trouble remembering his accent that he could n't deliver his lines .
the plot was definitely not worthy of john grisham 's name .
no wonder it was never published as a book or released in theaters .
i did n't even watch the whole thing .
i decided i did n't care who done it , then realized there was no " whodunit " to care about !
i admire ' kissing on the mouth ' for its frankness  pubic hair cutting and masturbation , especially from the lead / director joe swanberg .
they were n't afraid to show trueness to everyday " private " occurrences .
unfortunately , the film falls under the ' the brown bunny ' realm , though with a slightly more developed plot of jealousy .
yes , it mirrors ' bunny ' with a whole lot of nothing going on , or too many cinematography shots focused ( or sincerely unfocused ) on absolutely nothing  feet , hands or genitals .
again , unfortunately , i can see why this film was released , and why people are renting : true life sex scenes and full frontal ( equally , both male and female ) nudity .
other than that , it was a complete waste of time .
we quickly learn of a post - college male / female roommate pair in which the male has obvious feelings for the female that sees him as just a friend while continuously having sex with her ex - boyfriend .
other than that , we are subjected to the every - day events of their boring lives : she works for her parents ; he works on an extremely uninteresting sexual awareness project on his computer .
for this all to work , the dialogue has to be interesting and the acting real .
neither work and it 's as boring as watching someone drive for an hour , i.e. ' the brown bunny . '
the only actor that stands out is kate winterich , and even she does some questionable acting .
( the dvd extra with her in front of a mike is actually worth watching / listening to . )
again , i admire the filmmakers , especially swanberg , for baring it all and not being afraid to expose themselves or shower - habits , but overall the film falls flat .
it has narrations that does n't fit the scenes , too many boring everyday events and unconvincing acting that you wonder , other than the soft - porn factor , why you rented this .
this is not a good movie .
too preachy in parts and the story line was sub par .
the 3d was ok , but not superb .
i almost fell asleep in this movie .
the story is about 3 young flies that want to have adventure and follow up on it .
the characters are lacking , i truly do not care about these characters and feel that there was nothing to keep an adult interested .
this is not .
i would have liked to see more special 3d effects .
also i wold like to see more fly jokes than the mom constantly saying " lord of the flies " pretty sexist in showing the women as house wives and fainting .
ironic that dr. seuss ' fable emphasizing the non - commercialization of christmas should be one of the most hyped , marketed , and successful blockbusters of the holiday season .
the general gist of ron howard 's adaptation is that the grinch 's bane against christmas stems from an early childhood incident and that the who s themselves are caught up in the materialism of the season save for cindy lou
who ( played very well by taylor momsen ) .
this movie makes an ardent , ambitious attempt to capture the wackiness and sentiment of seuss ' story , but the end result is a movie that lurches and never quite packs the emotional punch of chuck jones ' animated version .
jim carrey is noteworthy in his performance as the devilish grinch , but whether it 's the dialogue , the pacing , or extraneous storylines heaped upon the initial plot , the transformation from bitter miser to gleeful benefactor just does not ignite convincingly .
there are some wonderful visuals and the make - up work is amazing , yet beyond the technical triumphs there 's an element or two here
that 's missing .
succinctness?soul?or
maybe jones did the initial adaptation all too well in his 25-minute cartoon that howard falls short of in a movie that feels three hours long .
howard , carey , and crew are all very capable and talented , but what would seem a winning combination is just weak and plodding in its final product .
if you must see the feature - length version , rent it on video with jones ' animated version and you can see how bigger and glitzier is not always better .
i give this film three cans of who - hash out of five .
this show comes up with interesting locations as fast as the travel channel .
it is billed as reality but in actuality it is pure prime time soap opera .
it 's tries to use exotic locales as a facade to bring people into a phony contest & then proceeds to hook viewers on the contestants soap opera style .
it also borrows from an early cbs game show pioneer-
beat the clock- by inventing situations for its contestants to try & overcome .
then it rewards the winner money .
if they can spice it up with a little interaction between the characters , even better .
while the game format is in slow motion versus beat the clock-
the real accomplishment of this series is to escape reality .
this show has elements of several types of successful past programs .
reality television , hardly , but if your hooked on the contestants , locale or contest , this is your cup of tea .
if your not , this entire series is as i say , drivel dripping with gravy .
it is another show hiding behind the reality label which is the trend it started in 2000.it is slick & well produced , so it might last a while yet .
after all , so do re - runs of gilligan 's island , green acres , the beverly hillbillies & the brady bunch .
this just does n't employ professional actors .
the intelligence level is about the same .
the only redeeming quality of this movie is that it was bad enough to be comedic .
everyone in this movie looks like a porn industry drop out .
i have actually seen better acting in low budget porn .
though i had actually rented some kind of gay porn after this classic scene :
jim : watch your ass
: you watch yours ( together ) : i wo nt leave you
behind!the first action sequence shows how awful the production is , but its really kind of funny :
good guys have transformer weapons !
in one scene , they all have fake hk mp5 sub - machine guns .
next scene , ak-47 replicas !
and then , to top it all off , they do some weapon swapping between scenes with a couple of m-16s ! !
i think they had a budget shortage for guns , not enough to go around between the good guys and bad guys .
fight scenes are poorly coordinated and fake as all hell .
you have to remove the pin / spoon from a grenade for it to explode on its own .
you ca n't fire a shoulder launched missile of any kind while riding inside a helicopter .
weapons that you throw away do n't suddenly re - appear .
when a gun is out of bullets , throwing it away is still pretty stupid .
unless you have no idea how to reload them ..
big slow trucks driving around in first gear make for awkward action scenes .
i really ca nt believe movies like this are actually produced .
this movie would be hilarious on nitrous oxide or maybe just drunk .
jean rollin artistic nonsense about vampires , aliens and the quest for immortality .
the women are beautiful and the photography stunning .
the dialog is inane .
its a laughable mess .
great to look at but as any semblance of a horror film or thriller purely awful .
i 'm trying to figure out if we 're suppose to be scared or not .
at the same time is it a put on or not ?
its an odd mix of art film and horror that never quite meshes and while its nice to look at it never seems to " mean " anything , and its by no means scary even if the occasional shot or sequence creates a moment of frisson its well made pretentious twaddle .
something to leave on in the background as a living wall paper for those who like naked women .
even though the plot was very well detailed , and the story line was understandable the fact that steven seagals voice was dubbed with some one else 's through out most of the movie was distressing as you were unsure who was talking .
there were many parts where he would start to talk in his deep raspy voice and then the next some one else 's voice was doing the talking for him .
i do n't know the reason however
if he had difficulty with his voice during production of the movie i think they could have re shot the events that did not contain his own voice when he had recovered .
i have rated this movie 3 out of 10 based on the quality of the film .
when one pays for a movie whether or not its at the theater or on dvd this movie was not worth the admission price that was charged .
i have been a long time follower of steven seagal and all his movies that he has done over the past years .
to date i think this is one of the worst ones we have seen yet
i have to admit that this " re - imagining " of the original 1968 film was a huge disappointment .
specially when taken into consideration that this is a tim burton film .
he is defenetly one of the most original and , might i say , cool directors hollywood has produced .
i am personally a great fan of his work , but something obviously went wrong with his latest flick , the planet of the apes .
i really enjoyed the original film .
when it first came out people expected just another cheezie 70 's science fiction film , but a very surprise anding totally proved that theory wrong .
it had indeed a clear cut message .
an obvious anti - war message .
fear of the cold war , where it was taking the world and fear of the use of nuclear weapons played a big role in the mind of the film - makers .
those reasons made the film rise above all expectations and it became a instant classic .
although , the new film , the " re - making " or whatever , leaves us with nothing .
no message , no ideals behind it .
it is just another money - minded summer blockbuster .
visually tim burton does not let you down .
the dark and creepy settings were excellent and of course the make up was terrific .
obviously that is not enough to keep people intrested in a film .
there has to be an exciting plot or storyline .
in this movie the plot is highly uninteresting and it is extremely badly thought out .
the script is very lame and it is full of gaps .
it looks like this film had been written in a big hurry .
the explanation for why the apes where there , and why the ruled the planet was indeed very stupid and proved the script - writers ignorance .
it raised a lot of questions , which had no reasonable answers to .
for example ; why did the apes speak english ?
, why were there other ape - species than chimps on the planet ( given that there were only chimps in the space ship that crash - landed on the planet )
where the hell did all of those humans come from ?
how were a few chimps able to evolve into a huge raise of all kinds of monkeys in only a few thousands years .
( i mean it took a few million years for us to evolve from monkey to man!)and finally , the bad surprise ending was just plane dumb .
it was probably just thrown in because the original film had such an end , then they felt that the audience were expecting the same kind of ending .
the ending also raises a lot of questions , which i know , don´t have intelligent answears .
did theid learn to work the space ship ? , which was power - less , and learnt to fly back in time and take over the earth single hand ? ,
and , what did he do , breed with all the women ?
and lets say that that would happen , i higly doubt that history would stay the same , like washington would be built exactly like it is today !
( i mean wouln't there be a huge banana instead of the memorial?)well , just to say something posative about the film .
some of the cast was great .
helen bonham carter 's character was interesting and well - acted , as for tim roth as theid .
he was very good , a little exaturated at some points of the film .
michael clark duncan was also fine .
i was not happy with marc whalberg .
he is not much of an actor , and plays here a very macho colour - less character .
very unbielevable and is nothing compared to hestons character in the original .
and the main female character had no reason or place in the film .
she was just casted for the looks .
hardly said a word throughout the entire film .
well , i think that in the future when people think about the planet of the apes , they will think about the original one .
the latest will soon be forgotten .
revolt of the zombies ( 2 outta 5 stars )
no , this is not a long - lost ancestor to the classic george a. romero zombie flicks .
this is a low - budget potboiler from 1936 that probably seemed very cool to audiences of the time ... but seems awfully routine these days .
there is actually a pretty good scene at the start of a soldier firing off his pistol into a horde of approaching zombie soldiers ... and a close - up of bullets entering the bare chest of one of them .
the effect looks hopelessly fake these days but in 1936 i 'm sure it had audiences gasping .
the story concerns the search for the secret of mind control ... ostensibly to create an unstoppable zombie army ...
but later as a means for one character to win the woman he loves .
the movie is barely an hour long but moves at a snail 's pace so it seems feature - length , believe me !
there really is n't much to recommend it ...
you may get some amusement from the faked studio shots of the star " wading " through a " swamp " .
the ending is interesting ...
so i 'd say the movie is worth seeing at least once .
more than likely you will see it as an extra feature on some cheap " 4 movies on 1 dvd " compilation at wal - mart for five bucks .
hey , it 's well worth the money ...
the only remarkable fact is the participation of klaus kinski who plays a priest .
do n't ask me why he does it !
a bad , bad movie overall .
... though for a film that seems to be trying to market itself as a horror , there was a distinct lack of blood .
there was also a distinct lack of skilled directing , acting , editing , and script - writing .
jeremy london put in one of most appalling performances i 've ever seen -
his " descent into the maelström " of madness is achingly self - aware and clumsy .
oh look at him twitch !
oh look at him drink strong spirits !
oh look at him raise his brow , and cock his head at a jaunty angle !
oh look at his unwashed , greasy dark hair !
oh listen to his affectedly husky voice !
he must be a tortured artist / writer / genius !
oh , yes , out comes the poet - shirt - it 's another boy who thinks he 's byron .
( or poe . )
oh for the love of ... did someone give this guy a manual on " how to act good " or did they just pull him out of a cardboard box somewhere , the defunct little plastic toy - prize in a discontinued brand of bargain - bin cereal .
okay , that was a stupid line - but that 's only because london 's performance has melted my brain with its awfulness .
katherine heigl is cute , and very briar rose , but has yet to grow into her acting shoes in this film
- she delivered her lines like she was being held up , in fact , her whole performance was very wooden , her poses as stiff as her lines - who knows , perhaps she was just reacting to , and trying to neutralise , jeremy london 's flailing excesses , but if that 's the case , she takes it too far .
notable is arie verveen as poe - while his character 's role is confused , he delivers the best performance of the piece .
he , quite simply , looks right , but it 's more than that
- he has some sort of depth , i believed that he had a life beyond the dismal two - dimensional quality of the rest of the characters .
huh , maybe it 's just because i like poe , and could thus just let my mind wander and invent
while he was on screen - whatever , he had an interest factor otherwise missing .
the rest of the characters are a faceless blur - there are all the usual caricatures :
the perky blonde best - friend who 's a bit of a floozy ; the smitten local cop who 's a bit of a dork ; the protective older man who perhaps has too much un - fatherly interest in our heroine ; the scheming old witch , etc .
, etc . , yawn , yawn .
as with the ' distinct lack of blood for a horror movie ' issue , none of the themes that they mention ( and that london 's character mentions - so scathingly - in his attack on poe 's writing ) are followed through on .
as another reviewer said - there was potential here :
murder , incest , - genuinely shocking stuff , but instead they skirt away from the issues , and cut away from the violence ( a raised candlestick swinging through the air - closing in on it 's victim - then --- cut to black !
this is fine in a noirish traditional horror , indeed , it 's expected , and is fondly received when it happens - it 's a dear convention , especially when accompanied by fake lightning bolts and intense siouxie eye makeup - but in ' descendant ' it just comes across as clumsy , or as though the editor got queasy at the last minute and cut it out . )
this could have either been a very tense psychological thriller - the horror of palingenesis / delusion / madness - or a simple ( and fun ) slasher movie : it tries to be both , or neither ( something new and exciting ! ) , but
either way it fails dismally .
the only horror element of this entire movie is it 's epic dullness .
i think the editor ( if there was one at all ) must have been drunk when s /
he chopped this thing up - there are awkwardly foreshortened scenes ;
scenes that appeared to be out of order ( but that could have just been the poor script ) .
likewise the director & cinematographer - there were some very strange shots and framing that i think were meant to be tributes to hitchcock or browning , but just ended up looking silly ( again , fine in a noir , but this was trying to be something else.)the whole thing perhaps may have been funny ( in that way that previous reviewers have mentioned - "
how did this get made ? ! ?
" ) if i had been in the mood for some trash- bagging , unfortunately for me i had settled on the couch , with the lights down low , with the express intention of scaring myself silly - this is a very poor film , and i 'm afraid i ca n't recommend it to people , not even for laughs .
please , please , do n't waste your time or money on this - either borrow a real horror / thriller film , or find yourself a copy of poe 's fantastical tales ,
either way , you 'll have a far more enjoyable and frightening night than you could ever hope to achieve with this rubbish .
i 'll be blunt and to the point .
this film is not good at all .
the film buff part of me hated the acting , script , story , direction and almost all of the editing .
amanda peet has proven that she can act , as she was a high point of ' the whole nine yards ' .
so she should have avoided this movie with a ten foot pole .
however , the infantile part of me found this film to be very funny .
if you can forget about how underpar the production quality is , and if you find smut jokes funny , then you should be all right .
and for those of you who ca n't get off your pedestal , that s your choice .
my inner child hasen't died , and i laughed a fair bit .
even then , only a 3 out of ten , because as a movie , it really does stink .
this movie is an utter waste of time , the plot is awful , the dialogue is awful .
the acting is ok , but the actors have absolutely no plot or script to work with .
the photography and some of the special effects are ok , too , but again there is nothing interesting in this movie to watch .
there is no logical progression to the story , the story line is utter nonsense .
it is n't even scary .
for a movie to be scary , there has to be at least a small element of believability .
this movie has no believability at all .
there are only three characters in the movie .
each character is shallow and has no personality .
most of the special effects and make up work are both badly done , or at most mediocre .
i hope you read this and do not waste time on this movie unless you are curious to see an entirely awful movie .
the plot of this film is not strong at all , lots of holes .
if you approach it as a car movie its not bad , lots of great cars in this one .
the reason i like it is because i am from the area where this was filmed .
i get the most enjoyment looking at the recognizable places in st. cloud mn and seeing how the town has changed since 89 .
its an interesting historical piece for us locals .
seems like
whenever a film is made here everyone wants some relationship to it .
it is impossible to find a copy in any of the local video stores as they were all stolen once it came out on vhs .
had to get a copy from japan on ebay
i find it interesting how the path of the drag race is all over town .
i did n't know the director was from st . cloud .
it seems like this is the only film that john saxon ever directed , and that he had the good sense to stop after that and stay in front of the camera .
this movie is a dog , from start to finish , and it 's dull and wooden with nothing much going for it .
a viet nam war hero takes a job working for a mob boss , gets a bit too friendly with the wife and then the wife is killed by the mob boss himself & the war hero framed and sent to prison , death row , specifically .
now , this particular prison has been experimenting on inmates and is testing some formula that will turn men into the ultimate killing machine ( a zombie ) .
of course , everything goes wrong and then there 's all these infected people trapped in the prison , some of whom are turning into zombies and the rest who suddenly just do n't want to be there anymore .
this just goes on and on and on with nothing particularly much to show or say for itself , and i stopped it before the end , which seemed like it was coming a few times
but no , it was apparently only getting set to take off on a different and equally dull path .
if one watched to the end they may well become a zombie themselves , so do n't risk it .
out of 10 .
in the wake of lock , stock and two smoking barrels , the british film industry rapidly became swamped with bad gangster films in the late ' 90s - early ' 00s that seem even more desperate today than they did then .
in one of the all - time great cases of pearls - from - swine , the producers of rancid aluminium brazenly plastered the quote ' the best film of the century ' from one review all over the ads while omitting the rest of the sentence pointing out that that was only because , at the time of writing , it was the only film that had been released in 2000 .
looking at it today it 's hard to imagine how it ever got made , uniting a cast that was briefly considered the cream of cool britannia 's lads mags brigade  rhys ifans , sadie frost , nick moran and joseph fiennes
but now merely a guarantee of a turkey every time in a confused adaptation of a confused james hawes novel .
that the plot is never explained could be down to the possibility that no - one really knows what it is , or perhaps simply do n't think it matters .
something to do with ifans ' businessman being set up with steven berkoff 's homicidal russian crime lord in a money - laundering or investment scheme ( it 's never clear which because no - one ever asks ) by fiennes ' crooked irish accountant , who expects the russians to kill off ifans so he can take over his failing company .
things get increasingly confused and underexplained from there on , ifans alternates between shouting about how terrible his life is while juggling visits to the fertility clinic and sleeping with his secretary and tara fitzgerald 's ludicrously accented russian temptress , berkoff keeps on saying " bizniss " and " francis drake " and fiennes does a decent irish accent while proving that just because he played a great writer in shakespeare in love
does n't mean he 's any judge of good writing when it comes to film scripts .
when the most convincing performances come from keith allen and dani behr , you know a film is in deep trouble .
with poland standing in for a russia filled with people with polish accents and a strange score that veers from john barry pastiche to lounge music to ennio morricone spaghetti western on a stylophone budget , it fails completely in the cool stakes it 's aiming for and ends up in a curious overplotted but almost plot less limbo all its own , sitting there like a joke shop dog turd .
the only film i 've ever walked out on .
amazing , since i paid for myself and my date
and i 'm really cheap .
but my brain could n't stand any more of the dreck being piled on , particularly since i could have written funnier material while tie up and gagged .
from the beginning to the end this film offends .
worse , it ai n't funny .
it was n't funny then , and
it sure ai n't funny now .
but even worse , is that this film represents the beginning of the end of really smart , sophisticated comedy .
it 's juvenile , really sophomoric script and ideas began an era ( which continues to this day ) where cheap laughs , and sexual innuendo dominate the culture of comedy in film .
sexual olympics ?
what high school kid has n't thought of that ?
the beginning of the end .
a very " straight " nice old lady , desperate for money to save her house and possessions , grows " pot " in her house , smokes it with a few old - biddy friends and then sells it .
that 's the story for this low - key comedy , emphasizing the absurdity of the situation and some of the humor the predicament brings .
for much of the film , it works .
the humor is n't of the laugh - out - loud variety but it does keep you entertained for an hour - and - a- half , so i guess it serves its purpose .
there are funny moments and brenda blethyn is fun to watch in the lead role .
but the ending really ruined a " cute " movie with insultingly - bad messages that only the ultra - liberals of the film world would like to see happen .
like most people , i would prefer a happy ending , too , but it should not all warm and fuzzy for those who blatantly break the law .
also in here are the typical ( 1 ) children out of wedlock but that poses no problem and is deemed okay ;
( 2 ) clerics portrayed as morally weak people ; and ( 3 ) even a medical doctor who gets stoned , too !
hello ?
and reviewers here blast hollywood ?
this is exhibit
how a secular society has lowered the standards in the uk and europe in general .
hey , people : at least have a trace of morality instead of nothing but a timothy leary " if it feels good , do it " message .
those 2 points are dedicated the reasonable performance from akshay kumar .
i know bollywood films do not really strive to be realistic but please a walt disney production is more realistic than this plot .
the father is dying and does what any good parent does
... kick his son out the son with his pregnant wife .
a few things that were too hard to swallow- 1 .
priyanka ' cool indoor swimming pool in the bedroom ' and to go from that to living hungry in her in - laws garden shed ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
akshay suddenly got the job as a stunt man , gets bitten by rabified dogs , to then just walk off .
this film is an insult to our intelligence
i really ca nt believe i contributed financially to the ' people ' who made this film by taking my family to see it , we left the cinema with a frown , please do not subject yourself to this mess to watching this take my advice and do not waste your ' waqt ' .
this movie is an insult to all submariners .
it was stupid .
it appeared to have been written by monkeys .
the acting was absurd .
if this is the view most people have of the navy , then i weep for our defense .
this movie was awful .
i put it below " voyage to the bottom of the sea " as far as submarine movies go .
gene hackman must have really needed rent money to do this crap .
denzel washington must have been high .
little in the plot makes any sense .
and the ending .
for a mutineer to be rewarded for his crime ?
only hollywood would think of this garbage .
if you have n't figured it out yet , i did n't like it .
and if it was n't for all the pro comments , i would not have bothered to post .
" hey everybody !
i 've got an idea , we found this egg - shaped thingie from outer space
so why do n't we thaw it out and open it up ? "
" yes , i know that would be the dumbest thing a scientist could do , and it could be filled with contaminating bacteria or viruses unknown to earth and could potentially wipe out the human race , but hey , i want to know what 's in it " .
" and nobody tell nasa , they might take it away from us " .
" wow this thingie gives off vibes ! "
" yes , really strong ones on contact so do n't touch it
but it 's okay to cut it open " .
hi there handsome , check out my nips " .
( later that day ) ; " do not open " ! ! ! ! !
uh oh , we have to run all the way to the lab and tell them not to open it because we do n't have phones or radios or intercoms even though we have a gazillion dollars worth of other equipment here .
" i 've never seen such organic technology ! "
" yeah , lemme take this stick and stab it . " .
" i 'm getting out of here , i do n't care if i do kill the other 6 billion people on earth , nobody 's nukkin ' me ! "
" look !
it 's the friendly aliens from " the abyss " !
they want us to come with them " .
the end
this movie is like real life , by which i mean - not a lot happens in the available 2 hours or so , and not much game plan or plot is evidenced by the frequently invisible cast ( their invisibility being due to the " experimental " lighting as mentioned by many reviewers ) .
a big bore .
no big surprise that altman helms this
- he is a very variable performer ( yes we all loved " gosford park " , but " pret a porter " anyone ?
kansas city ?
dr t. and the women ?
aaargh ) ,
but the fact that the raw material is a john grisham tale , and the excellent cast that you will perceive through the gathering gloaming of your insistent slumber - makes this truly a masterpiece of bad film .
and no , it is not " so bad
good" .
it 's just bad .
first of all , i ai n't american or middle - eastern .
second of all , i do n't have a religion .
the closest thing to a religion i have are sports and movies .
henceforth , i believe i would be best served to supply an opinion of neutrality and free from bias .
most of these short films are an utter disgrace .
this dreadful event should be used to commemorated all those innocent people whom were murdered by " some " barbaric and uncivilized morons .
instead , most of what i saw in these short films were conceited attempts to score varied political points .
examples:1 )
ken loach 's segment .
sure , we are all sad that this dude had a hard life in his country but what has that got to do with the innocent victims of 2001 ?
two wrongs do n't make a right ? !
whatever !
this film should have a subtitle for those who have trouble listening to a partially incoherent chilean - english accent.2 )
most disturbing is youssef chahine 's segment .
it is obvious that he has trouble with logic .
he justified the murders due to - america being a democracy and because some americans voted the politicians in power , then all americans in the end are responsible for the actions and decisions made by their leaders on the middle - east .
helloooo !
is this guy for real ? ?
some americans do n't even vote !
some americans do n't even know where the middle - east is ; some do n't even know what religion is practiced there ; and majority do n't know the real political issues that are played behind the scenes .
# # # mr chahine , the reason why we have all these problems in the world is because there are too many people with your kind of logic .
the innocent victims in the twin towers came from around the world .
the murdered firefighters , rescuers , office workers , by - standers and flight passengers have nothing to do with politics .
and yet , we are not allowed to go about our lives because " some " people think everyone has to choose a side or a religion .
we are perceived as fair game for the extreme politics.3 )
the israeli segment showed their own bombed victims .
another filmmaker using this event to push their own political agenda .
sometimes , it is not about you .
some people always think about the " me , me , me . "
sometimes , it is about other people.4 )
idrissa ouedraogo 's segment is a joke and another political point scorer .
they obviously want money from the international community by highlighting their poverty .
blah , blah , blah .
this movie denigrates the memory of " sept. 11th , 2001 " victims .
the best thing for it is the trash can .
i seriously ca n't believe tim burton and timur bekmambetov , two people i love , signed on to produce this crap .
tim burton is a brilliant director , but to be honest i 've been losing interest in him for a while since his last few movies were either remakes or adaptations .
he did produce the brilliant " nightmare before christmas " , which is one i 've watched multiple times , and directed movies like " beetlejuice " and " sleepy hollow " , which are awesome films .
bekmambetov directed 3 films that i love :
night watch , day watch , and wanted .
i 've only seen those three of his , but they prove he 's an awesome director .
those two people producing one of the many reasons i was excited to see 9 .
so today i went to go see it at the theatre .
i was so excited to finally have seen it .
i had waited 7 months for the movie to come out .
this movie is the first time i 've walked out of a tim burton - related movie and said " i enjoyed almost none of that " .
i felt heartbroken to even have felt that way .
i mean , with him and bekmambetov at the production helm you 'd have expected this movie to be a good watch .
right now i still ca n't get over how let down
i was by this movie .
i had n't even heard of the original short film before seeing it but
now , i can successfully say that this movie should have remained a short movie .
hell , neil blomkamp made an awesome full length remake of alive in joburg entitled district 9 , what was so hard to get right about 9 ? ? ?
i really wanted to think this movie was awesome .
i really did .
but no , it failed on so many levels .
the plot was extremely confusing and disjointed .
i had no idea what was going on , let alone what it was about .
basically it 's about a bunch of rag doll robots trying to save the earth .
well , ok , that 's what i got from it .
but the writing here is extremely poor .
the whole film jumps around like a 6 year old with a.d.d. telling a story .
there 's this big , giant clanky monster robot that 9 awakens , causing destruction and stuff .
that 's the main villain .
however , what else is wrong with this movie
is that everything comes out of nowhere .
there were too many monster robots , most of which have no logical explanation behind them .
they have 0 development whatsoever .
i mean , that flying pterodactyl like monster just rips out of nowhere , we have no idea where it comes out of and acker just expects us to know what it is .
what was even more retarded was that snake - like creature with the strobing eyes that hypnotize .
i dare you to give that description to someone else out loud and expect them not to laugh .
all of the 3 people i told about it burst out laughing .
oh and it wraps victims up and sews them inside it .
i'm. not .
kidding.the twist in act iii is the most retarded aspect of the whole movie .
so basically 9 goes back to the room he woke up in , finds this box with a hologram from the scientist in it for 9 , and he tells him that the big scary machine robot was designed to bring robot life to earth , but then evil humans use it for war , and it was supposed to help protect the earth , but then the scientist gave his life to 9 so that it could help protect the world with it .
and he only mentions giving his life to 9 .
but what about the other robots ?
who gave their lives to them ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
this is the perfect example of poor , rushed writing .
there 's only one of the life taking device thingy that exists so how did the other 8 get life given to them ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the characters are not likable at all either .
they risk their lives for no reason at all .
the only good character is 7 .
6 annoyed me with his " go back to the source ! ! ! ! ! !
ramblings , 1 is an overpowering idiot , 2
we do n't know anything about , 5 kept annoying me with his
" are you sure ... " or " can i stay here instead ... ? " questions .
and that ending ?
i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who thinks that the ending was a huge wtf moment .
there 's nothing redeeming about this turd except for its beautiful animation .
everything looks realistic and beautiful , i love the gloomy and depressing look of everything .
however , beauty ca n't save a good movie .
while it 's true that this movie is very pretty looking , pretty is as pretty does , and 9 does squat .
i 'm sure burton fans will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie without a doubt , in fact with his and bekmambetov 's names being thrown around the promos , people will be flocking to the theatre to see this movie .
i know i may be making a big deal out of nothing , but watching this movie made me realize how much i hate movies with unlikeable characters , nonexistent plot and just pure style over content .
and this movie is one of those movies .
starts really well , nice intro and build up for the main characters but after about 5 minutes , the charm is lost .
the character is in the same mould as the main protagonist from american pie and loser without the supporting cast or innovative storyline that made the pie movies more of a commercial success .
let 's be honest - heder 's acting was pretty poor .
keaton , daniels and faris did their best but had no substantial plot or script to get their teeth into the movie
just plods on without any pace or clear logical storyline justifying its length .
the ending is about as predictable as they come - so predictable i 've ticked the spoilers box for this one line .
my advice : avoid at all costs unless you really really have nothing else to do / listen to or watch
and even then you 'll feel the producers just cheated you out of an hour and a half of your life .
this is perhaps the worst attempt at a zombie film i have ever had the misfortune to see .
terrible , terrible , terrible .
any review found on this site is obviously the work of either the filmmaker , the filmmakers family , or a friend of the filmmaker .
how does this film suck ?
let us count the ways ...
the plot ?
incoherent .
dialogue ?
atrocious .
i will not slam the effects / gore , as i understand that this is low budget .
but was there even one zombie that was not obese ?
c'm on !
and for a film set in rhode island , why did that truck sport a massachusetts plate ?
continuity , find some .
the girl dancing while the soldier " stands at attention " .
please , do n't put your ex - girlfriend or buddy 's sister in your movie naked .
this was an ugly movie filled with ugly people , and has no business even mentioning romero on the cover .
next time you decide to make a movie , do n't .
well then .
i just watched an crap - load of movies -- all with varying degrees of quality .
i was n't too sure about which one i wanted to review first .
then it hit me like a sack - a - rats :
rodentz .
warn people about rodentz .
this monstrosity stars nobody and is painfully dull to sit through .
and it 's about mutant rats killing people .
yeah ...
real freaking ' original .
food of the gods , " or " willard " anyone ?
those were better than this , and that does n't say much ...
**possible spoiler**okay here 's the story :
inna laboratory the scientist and his plucky assistant are experimenting on rats and their laboratory is in a crappy neighborhood and crappy building and the plucky assistant 's moronic friends show up drunk and everyone becomes food for the crazed rats and just about everybody dies
and , oh yeah , there 's one giant rat that looks crappy , but it gets killed , the end .
there , all in once sentence !
spoiler , you say ?
ppfff ! !
i beg to differ !
the second we all realize that there 's a giant rat
, we all know it 's gon na die eventually!!**end spoiler**here 's the breakdown :
the good : --well
, i watched it for free , but for everyone else ... hmmm , no .
there 's nothing good here .
did n't hurt it ,
did n't help :
--um ...
well .
the gore was decent .
--very average cinematography .
--cg rats not as bad as they could 've been in some shots ...
the bad : -- ... and in other shots , the cg rats were pathetically cheap - looking .
look , if your film has a low budget , maybe you should n't rely on cg .
lesson to take to heart .
acting is extremely poor.--the characters are beyond uninteresting -- we have a mish - mash of clichés and none of them are even done that well .
--booooooooooooring.--been done before -- plenty of times .
--stupid story , just stupid.--giant rat looks like fat man in poorly conceived bear costume -- that was kind of funny -- but not funny enough to give this film any worth.--retarded , unrealistic , and boring dialog .
the college student rat chow people are drinking tequila from huge plastic milk jugs -- and yet they do n't appear to be drunk for anything longer than a few seconds .
way to stick with continuity , guys .
the ugly :
--this film is bad .
simply terrible .
worse than you might imagine .
it 's not even laughably bad like , for instance , " scarecrow " ( 2002 ) or " house of the dead . "
now those movies are crap you can enjoy .
even if they do make you stupider .
memorable scene : --the lame action - movie ending , complete with uninjured heroes and explosion .
because it did n't feel at all like the rest of this monstrosity -- but still sucked .
acting : 2/10 story : 1/10 atmosphere : 2/10 cinematography : 4/10 character development : 0/10 special effects / make - up : 4/10 nudity /
sexuality : 1/10
( i was tending to my son occasionally during the film , so i may have missed it , but was supposedly in there )
violence / gore : 4/10 dialogue :
2/10 music : 1/10 ( average for the time )
writing : 1/10 direction : 2/10cheesiness :
7/10 crappiness : 9/10overall : 1/10watch it only if you love rat and vermin - based horror films .
wait ...
check that .
do n't watch it .
it 's crap.(www .
residenthazard.com )
another weak third - season entry , ' is there in truth no beauty ? '
nonetheless has at least one key plot element that is very different and as spock would say , fascinating .
the main character is an alien who must be carried around in a black box because his appearance is so horrendous that it drives humans insane .
it 's too bad the episode can not live up to this incredible premise .
obviously , i think , it was a mistake to ever ' show ' the alien , as its actual visage in no way even approximates such a daunting build - up ; all we get is the standard star trek psychedelic light display used for any number of things in different episodes , usually when the ship is passing through a magnetic storm or something similar .
in any event , kollos ' appearance can at least be tolerated by mr. spock , and then only if spock is wearing a special visor .
( for the longest time , i thought the alien 's name was ' carlos , ' which i found humorous , but i digress . )
spock is required to mind - meld with kollos at one point so that the alien can pilot the enterprise back to safety .
this is accomplished , but when spock / kollos go back to end the mind - meld , by golly , spock forgets his visor .
he goes crazy but eventually recovers with the help of kollos ' assistant , a blind woman with psychic powers .
this might have been a really bizarre , excellent episode
but it is poorly directed and comes across as yet one more badly executed show of the series ' last season .
this one is a little better than the first one .
it still relies on a lot of its humor which basically keeps saying that the old bond movies were not realistic .
that wears thin after so many parodies .
the girls were more interesting in this one .
there is a tremendous amount of total gross out humor .
hopefully one day real comedy will come back .
" fungicide " is quite possibly the most incompetent , embarrassing , pitiful " film " i have ever seen .
the acting is criminal , the direction practically non - existent , and the special effects presumably put together by unleashing a monkey with learning difficulties on a defenceless laptop computer .
far be it from me to stifle creativity , but i actually believe things like this should n't be made .
i am sure the " film"-makers will say that , yes , the " film " was hampered by a low ( as in nothing ) budget - but in that case they just really should n't have bothered .
as it is , they have offered the world something so dire , so execrable , that only imbeciles could get the merest shade of enjoyment from it .
starting the " movie " it was n't as though i was expecting " citizen kane " or anything .
i was expecting a low budget little horror with perhaps a modicum of inventiveness , a hint of fun , and even some energy .
what i got was the cinematic equivalent of a used handkerchief .
the plot ?
well , our leering antihero scientist , who works in his parents ' basement , is seen manically stirring some goo in a cup .
apparently , such high - level science is the end - result of years of research .
his parents then send him off to a strange hotel - type place in the countryside to relax .
there are some other people there , who are simply too awful to write about .
anyway , the scientist drops his test - tube onto some mushrooms - and soon the mushrooms grow and kill some people .
( wow , i 'm getting suicidal just writing the plot summary ) .
our heroes save the day by detonating a barrel of balsamic vinegar ( by attaching a " fuse " - really a piece of string - to it ) .
the barrel unaccountably explodes with the power of a small nuclear weapon , destroying all the mushrooms .
the end .
( thank goodness).that summary is as good as the " film " gets ( and actually makes it sound a lot more interesting than it actually is ) .
it really should never have got past this stage of development ( by which i mean a plot outline scribbled on the back of an envelope with crayons ) .
somebody should have really stepped in and given someone a vigorous shake and said " no . "
and those " special " effects .
well , they 're " special " all right .
this is cgi gone crazy .
and done by a person who i can only assume believes the bicycle pump to be the pinnacle of modern technology .
and when the mushroom monsters are not in the style of a 1984 home computer graphics package , they are represented by actors shuffling along covered in a sheet ( i kid you not).one of the most inexcusable things about the movie is its laziness .
this can be summed up by the scene in which the hero spins his guns ( a la clint eastwood ) and then fails miserably to get them in his pockets .
i mean come on , a couple of retakes and he could have pulled it off , but just to leave it as it is - really weak .
i can not believe money was spent on this camcorder - shot rubbish .
the " film"-makers should hang their heads in shame and be banned from going within fifty metres of any movie - making equipment .
i also think it 's wrong that friends and family of the makers come onto imdb and post mendacious reviews and give stupidly high user ratings which give a totally inaccurate picture of the " movie . "
" fungicide " is an absolute travesty of film - making .
mr wascavage is either very , very stupid or very , very cynical .
i gave this movie a rating of 1 ( awful ) .
the only reason that it should even get a 1 instead of a big -0- is ben kingsley , who always shines not matter what terrible material is thrown his way .
mira sorvino is so out of her element here that as a viewer one simply ca n't get over the fact that she is even in such a piece .
stupid , stupid story and horrible production .
do not waste your video rental
admittedly , i watched this piece with already very low expectations .
dieter bohlen is a rather untalented composer parvenu whose lack of talent is only surpassed by the size of his ego .
this was the first cartoon movie that i watched that was 100 per cent humor free .
it is rude , offensive , redneck and blatantly anti- women .
as such , it is a creation befitting bohlen , but the average viewer will be rather put off by it .
no wonder that it was never shown in a cinema theater
: it would 've bombed big time!not even the expense of 6.5 megaeuros were able to save this utter piece of crap .
save your time ... and money !
such a pretentious and lame attempt to hipness .
diabolical script and dialogue and truly embarrassing acting .
really the worse movie i have ever seen(at the cinema ) .
nothing in my opinion saves this movie from being a total disaster .
i saw it when it came out in a cinema in brighton .
people were walking out and there were more people chatting outside the toilets than in the auditorium !
at the end there were boos and scorn from the meagre crowd left , which was quite sad as relatives of one of the main actors were present and looked really sheepish .
however the movie was that bad that i really could not feel like that sympathetic with them .
everybody has to start from somewhere and their son started off his acting career with this truly awful attempt at ' tarantinism made in the uk ' .
5 years have gone bye , but sometimes i still cringe at the memory of that sad night at the movies !
this is a movie with no redeeming features whatsoever !
i gave it a 1 as 0 was not available .
they should invent a ' shameometer ' for everybody involved in this sorry mess of a movie .
i know some of them have moved on to better things , the positive thing is that none of them could have sank any lower than this .
i saw this move several years ago at the central florida film festival if i recall .
i liked it , it showed great potential .
i guess most people here are blasting this film because the film did seem hobbled together ( by the filmmaker 's own admission on the official site -- the short was exhibited as a " rough - cut").but
nonetheless , it was an easy - going comedy .
i think many people try to read far too much into a comedy .
all they are supposed to do is make you laugh -- that 's all .
i did just that at its showing , so it succeeded on that level .
just my 2 cents anyway .
this has got to be the most stupid film i have ever seen ( spoilers ahead ) !
first of all , the plot is stupid .
the little kid is weird and they move to a hotel because his father is the caretaker of it .
we find that the kid has a gift , the " shining " .
this gift never ever has anything to do with anything except to make the kid seem cool .
then the movie gets more boring and boring until the man finally goes crazy .
he goes on a rampage to kill the kid and his wife because ... well , he feels like it .
why else would he do it ?
all of a sudden we see a naked woman in the tub .
the man kisses her and realizes he is kissing a dead corpse , which is utterly disgusting .
somehow a black man enters the hotel and is whacked with an axe .
then the kid and the woman take the black man 's vehicle and leave the father , who dies within minutes of hypothermia .
most movies are n't a complete waste of time , but this falls right into that category .
the music is trashy , the characters are corny ( except jack nicholson , who is a good actor ) , the plot is twisted and fits the description of vomit , the ending is very predictable , the storyline is slow , tedious , and boring .
this movie is extremely overrated .
movie at
costs .
i 'm surprised it 's gotten such a high rating on imdb .
normally i would have given this movie a 6 .
it tackles a very important topic and it does it relatively well - despite katie wright which is an accomplishment in and of itself .
i have no idea if she was actually instructed to play the character like this or is naturally irritating , but she did an awesome job at making it impossible for me to care for lexi .
there 's no dimension to her other than how confused , helpless and clueless she is , and how good she is at whimpering .
i can understand how a young girl who blames herself for the loss of her friend and whose eating disorder has spiraled out of control would be distraught , scared and in pain .
however , wright 's entire performance is based on incessant wailing and sniveling , the rest being whining .
i could n't help but feel this particular girl 's problem was caused not by the demon that is bulimia , but by her not having a backbone .
i very much doubt that 's the point the movie meant to make .
this is just typical bruce willis , action movie schtick .
watch it with some popcorn and your buddies .
rent it , to save money .
none of it is realistic .
the battles are n't realistic .
the soldiers are n't realistic .
the victims are n't realistic .
and why was tom skerritt 's character talking to willis from the deck of the carrier ?
what 's up with that ?
he ca n't do that from inside the ship?of course , bruce w. gets a machete wound .
there 's a bunch of average explosions .
if this movie accurately represents the navy seals , then do n't get stuck in africa expecting them to come rescue
you!the noble attack on the village bothered me the most . "
front row seats to an ethnic cleansing" ...
as bruce looks at the slaughter going on in town .
so what does he do ?
he crawls into town on his belly .
how many died while they were putzing around ?
oh well ... a body count was needed , i guess .
and if that one african guy was so important , why did n't he get on the chopper with the elderly and children ?
can he say " duh ? "
finally , the movie was very dark .
not just in plot , but so much happens at night
it was difficult to make out what was going on .
rent it .
ok i own this dvd
i got it new at amazon ...
i mean i think its badass and a pretty cool flick and melissa bale the slutty / bitchy girl they pick up is hot as hell
... , the acting sucks and the whole polt just sucks the clown is some huge guy wearing a mask and its disgusting but its ok
i would n't recommend it if like u wanted to rent a good entertaining flick after a hard days work
but if u have nothing else to do and ur obbsessed with this stupid movies like i am , watch it sometime , and i do not know how artisan dvd has s.i.c.k. in its dvd collection , s.i.c.k . is not good enough to be owned by a half way decent movie company
well that s all
i had high hopes for this film .
i thought the premise interesting .
i stuck through it , even though i found the acting , save helena bonham carter , unremarkable .
i kept hoping my time spent would pay off , but in the end i was left me wondering why they even bothered to make this thing .
maybe in george orwell 's version there is a message worth conveying .
if this film accomplished anything , it has inspired me to read orwell 's classic .
i find it hard to believe his tale could be as disappointing as this adaption .
if the film maker 's message is " the mundane life is worth living " , well then , they 've succeeded .
i would recommend this film to no one ; 101 minutes of my life wasted .
for the big thinkers among us , " the intruder " is a maddeningly incoherent movie from france that gives so - called " art films " a bad name .
the story is something about a bitter old coot , louis trebor ( michel subor ) , who goes searching in tahiti for a heart transplant , but beyond that , i have no idea who any of the people in the movie were or why they were doing what they were doing .
with no coherent storyline to boast of , the movie loses us early on , though i 'm perfectly willing to admit that there might be somebody out there
who actually gets some deep message out of this film .
this muddled , snail - paced drama runs a full two hours and five minutes - though i seriously doubt anyone with any kind of a life will still be hanging around by the closing credits .
the only reason " the norliss tapes " deserves any stars is the presence of angie dickinson in the cast .
other than getting to see angie baby in a pre-"police woman " performance , there 's nothing else worth seeing here .
the synopsis :
minor spoilers
david norliss is tapped to write a book on the supernatural .
one day he mysteriously disappears after phoning his publisher and suggesting he has stumbled across something that has placed him in mortal danger .
the entire series for which this miserable pilot was written was apparently intended to be a series of flashbacks via the " norliss tapes " -- a set of audio tapes the writer recorded while investigating cases of the supernatural .
in the pilot episode , a wealthy sculptor dies -- but not before purchasing an ancient egyptian scarab ring from a local occultist who assures him the bauble will give him immortality after death .
we soon discover the ring itself does n't grant immortality .
instead , it only reanimates the sculptor 's corpse , allowing him to escape his crypt so he can run around town draining pretty girls of all their blood .
blue - faced , yellow - eyed and growling out arrrghhhhhhs you have n't heard since you last watched " scooby doo " cartoons , the sculptor attacks his wife ( dickinson ) one dark night .
she escapes and , via a mutual acquaintance , contacts norliss to get his assistance in solving the mystery behind her late husband 's uncanny reappearance on her estate .
so is this guy a vampire ?
there 's no vampire in this story despite what you may have read or heard .
the sculptor does n't drink his victims ' blood -- he collects it .
do n't know .
we only see him attacking , never collecting .
to fulfill the second part of his bid for immortality .
it turns out the reanimated sculptor will only be allowed to live forever if he builds a life - size statue of a demon named sargoth out of a mixture of clay and human blood .
once it 's finished , sargoth plans to inhabit the statue , using it as his gateway into our world .
the final analysis:"the norliss tapes " was n't picked up as a series for a very good reason ...
it was garbage .
as you can see from my synopsis , the story is a paltry , ill - conceived mess .
the acting and dialogue offer no better .
this is n't even a contender for a " so bad it 's good " award .
sometimes bad is just bad .
after years of hearing underground rumblings about the great merits of " the norliss tapes , " i was very excited to find it airing on fox movie channel on 10/15/03 .
i wish i had n't set myself up for the fall .
having screened this groaner for the first time two days ago , i can only assume any applause you 've heard so far from other imdb reviewers is coming from those who are reviewing the show based on dim memories and the nostalgia of youth .
or perhaps they are simply loyal fans of dan curtis .
either way , they 've offered you misleading reviews of " the norliss tapes .
"pauly
orchid -- october 17 , 2003
bad actors , terrible script , totally unbelievable ending - this film had it all .
after seeing films like this , you wonder why the makers bothered at all .
this film has absolutely nothing to say , all the methods used to create a scare have been used over and over again in previous horror films .
a total waste of time .
what boob at mgm thought it would be a good idea to place the studly clark gable in the role of a salvation army worker ? ?
ironically enough , another handsome future star , cary grant , also played a salvation army guy just two years later in
the highly overrated she done him wrong .
i guess in hindsight
it 's pretty easy to see the folly of these roles , but i still wonder who thought that salvation army guys are " hot " and who could look at these dashing men and see them as realistic representations of the parts they played .
a long time ago , i used to work for a sister organization of the salvation army ( the volunteers of america ) and i never saw any studly guys working there ( and that includes me , unfortunately ) .
maybe i should have gotten a job with the salvation army instead!so , for the extremely curious , this is a good film to look out for , but for everyone else , it 's poor writing , sloppy dialog and annoying moralizing make for a very slow film .
lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy are both excellent actors , who can certainly rise to any acting challenge put to them .
unfortunately ' watching the detectives ( 2007 ) ' offers only one to both actors and audience alike : not to fall asleep during a mind - numbingly boring , very predictable and unimaginative story .
'watching the detectives ( 2007 ) ' tries very hard to be funny , but the comedy is forced , extremely poorly directed and embarrassing to the verge of complete ridicule .
after a third of the film still nothing that may capture even the most willing audience , like the director 's friends and relatives , is even hinted at , not to mention actually happening .
i'm pretty sure everybody who liked it faked it or had to fake it like neil 's ex - girlfriend did when he showed her an old b&w film she could n't care less about . '
watching the detectives ( 2007 ) ' is nowhere near category b , it falls somewhere between q & r , like
-questions ?
and -repress the questions !
the director knows what he 's doing !
well , if his goal was to bore the viewer to death , he has done a very good job!'watching the detectives ( 2007 ) ' was a complete waste of time for lucy alexis liu and cillian murphy
, bur please do n't let it be a waste of your time!rating : 0 out of 100 .
nightmare weekend stars a cast of ridiculous actors with even less of an idea of what is going on than the director had , if you can imagine that .
there is no decipherable plot or story , the special effects are a joke , and even the sound is terrible .
this film was directed by henry sala .
it was the only film that he ever directed , and the reason is obvious .
i 'll probably get a lot of flack for hating this movie-
guess i did n't approach it with the proper dewy - eyed nostalgia of the generation before me .
but suffice it to say-
st elmo 's fire was pretty crap - freaking- tastic , even as far as brat pack films go .
here is yet another lovely example of the smug , self - indulgent neurosis that is everything 80s
( rent , anyone ? )
the plot is virtually non- existent and the philosophies are kitchy at best , poorly delivered the rest of the time .
the complete lack of anything resembling sympathetic characters does n't help the situation .
there really was no growth , no forward movement at all .
even the climactic suicide scene was effectually neutered by once again refusing to let death or anything resembling reality or adult life enter in .
each cookie cutter figure simply goes about making you hate them in the blandest , most predictable way possible .
the stalker is a creep for no discernible reason other than he is
a stalker and andie macdowell is gorgeous .
the jackass does everything in his power to constantly remind you he is , well , a jackass .
the gorgeous slut hides really soulful , deep pain with a wild lifestyle .
the poet moods and mopes around for a full 3/4 of the film until he can reveal
( ! ) he actually is full of teddy bears and sunshine and rainbows .
the virgin finally becomes a whole , happy human being after getting every virgin 's desire of one hot roll in the sack with a jackass before he ditches her to really change ( for real this time ) .
the cheating bastard cheats until it is time for him to get caught .
and finally the feminist go around dousing holy water on any soul that utters " commitment" .
which brings me to my final beef- what bond of super - cement was holding these people together as friends ?
i ca n't imagine being with just one of them-
now think of the vortex created by all that narcissism centered in one bar .
and they were all so terrible to each other- heads in toilets , near rape , and sleeping around with everrrryone .
the cherry was after two bffs act like total baboons after screwing the feminist , she 's like , " umm , actually i do n't want to be with either of you anymore .
let 's be friends !
and we can hang out in a totally unawkward way every day knowing that i may hook up with one or the other at any given point , but neither of you are satisfying enough for commitment ( not that word ! ) .
" and they all smile as if to say , " golly gee , i never thought of that !
what a great idea!"only it 's not .
kinda in the way that watching this movie is not .
garson kanin wrote and directed this look at " modern day " las vegas and the gap between generations , his first directorial effort since the 1940s !
david janssen is somewhat miscast as a big - shot casino owner who reunites with his son ( robert drivas , who looks disconcertingly like an older jason bateman ) .
janssen approaches every scene the same way : defensively , with a chip on his shoulder .
playing this role cool and laid - back is asking too much from janssen , who barks at everyone like a grouchy put - upon husband ( he even chews out don rickles and makes him cry ! ) .
his son , a ne'er - do - well in search of his own identity , makes hip comments about how young people look down on vegas ( give them another ten years ) , and his disapproval of dad 's lifestyle causes friction .
brenda vaccaro is cute as a self - conscious secretary and edy willaims has a fun bit as a showgirl at an audition .
unfortunately , " where it 's at " does n't have much else going for it other than the now - dated ruminations on ethics between adults and their kids , some quick t&a shots and amusingly jaded satirical bits on the high - stakes world of gambling -- most of which has been covered by now , ad nauseum .
* * from * * * *
did n't care for the movie , the book was better .
does anyone know where it was filmed ?
this was my first visit to your site ...
just found the answer to my question .
so now i look like a dummy , but i think i 'll still submit my comments .
and yes , british columbia is lovely
* * * or why they took it from its south carolina coastal
setting?(this question stands )
the place was essential to the fabric of the book and its change was part of my disappointment with the movie .
oh , i just read where i need to write at least ten lines .
here 's my other main issue with the film .
kim bassinger was too vapid and not at all what i pictured from the book .
i know , the book was the book and the movie ;
well not so good .
i found the character in the book much more empathetic .
also the book evoked rustic , almost primitive images of the monastery .
while the " castle " in the film was much more visually impressive , it distorted the feel of the story and seemed at odds with the characters .
i have n't seen this movie in a while , so i 'm afraid i ca n't be very specific about details ...
it did have some interesting points .
ralph bakshi 's attempt at an animated adaptation of j.r.r tolkien 's masterpiece was a very ambitious project , so ambitious in fact that it went bankrupt at some point during the production .
therefore , not only does it stop abruptly somewhere around the middle of the second book of the trilogy ( with sort of a shade of a hint of a sequel that was never made ) , the film itself seems less than finished .
it seems that some characters were animated while others were filmed , but whether or not it 's intentional is hard to say .
the whole thing seems shabbily made and undone , especially the orcs and the nazgul .
another problem , of course , is the huge gaps in the plot .
bakshi was in a rush to finish this movie , and he somehow hoped to cram a book and a half in little more than two hours
( the new trilogy by peter jackson does it in about twice that time . )
far too many important bits were left out ( and i do n't refer only to tom bombadil , which , i think , was lovely in the book but would look silly in a movie . )
and of course , the ending , which is completely sudden and out of place .
i 'm not even sure if bakshi originally intended to end the film there , or if he even had any idea where he 's going to end it .
the characters ...
well , most of them were okay .
the hobbits do n't look so bad ( except for the gay sam .
did you know that the producers of the new trilogy originally wanted to make sam a woman so there would be a feminine lead character ? )
if you 're a tolkien fanatic ( like me ) , watch this movie ( though i 'm not too sure about buying it .
what special features does the dvd version have , anyway ? )
but know in advance that you 're not going to watch a real ' lord of the rings movie ' but not much more than a historical curiosity , which probably looks not much better than the 60s version would have had the beatles carried on with their plan ( i actually think a psychedelic lotr could have been quite cool .
the idea was to cast george as gandalf , paul as frodo , ringo as sam and john as gollum . )
if you did n't read the book or did n't like it much or do n't like animation films or do n't want to see a half - finished movie ... stay away .
the remake of h.b. halicki 's classic seventies chase film is simply horrible .
along with vanishing point , gone in 60 seconds represent the quintessential car chase films .
the remake takes the original and stands it on its head .
whereas halicki gave us 75 % car chase and 25 % supporting drama , in giss 2000 we get 25 % car chase and 75 % supporting drama .
cage as super man , saves his brother , kisses the girl .
mtv edits , tits and ass .
save your money , rent the original .
at least halicki did n't live to see his baby ( he wrote , produced , directed , and starred in the ' 74 ' film ) degraded in this manner .
this movie is one of the worst ones of the year .
the main characters have no chemistry and the acting is horrible .
paul rudd is the only one that has any talent , and the only one that is not annoying .
i have never watched desparte housewives , so i do n't know how eva longoria is on that show , but in this movie she was horrible .
it 's like she knows nothing about acting .
all her character does is whine throughout the film , and she ca n't pull off being a b
* * * * and still be entertaining .
and the other girl , lake bell , displays little emotion and it 's like you are looking at the cue cards as she reads them .
as for the story , it is so cookie cutter .
it goes from point a to b with little surprise .
so much more could have been used with kate as a ghost .
the plot should have revolved more around her and the things she does as a spirit .
final verdict :
it 's not worth watching .
a complete waste of timehalla bol is a complete waste of time .
the script and dialogues are poorly written , the direction is lacklustre and the acting borders on hammy .
this movie was clearly aiming for the rang de basanti crowd but it falls far short of the mark because it does not have even one of the elements that made rdb connect with its audience_great script , terrific acting , good direction and a powerful social message that was never preached but shown .
compared to that near - masterpiece , halla bol takes a step backwards by resorting to scenes such as the hero taking a leak on the villain 's persian rug and the hero 's mentor staring down bullets in a truck no less !
all of this might have been acceptable in the 80s when there was a downturn in movie quality and bad movies like divyashakti and phool aur kaante became big hits , but movie - making has become_should have become_more subtle and thoughtful of late .
rajkumar santoshi is a capable director and i appreciate that he wants to give a social message in every movie he makes
but maybe he simply does not know how to do it !
he resorts to sermonizing without a care as to the audience 's intelligence in understanding what he is trying to say .
maybe he should just concentrate on entertainment and leave the social messages to the rakeysh mehras and aamir khans .
even if you do n't agree with everything i say , you will agree that throughout the screening you will be thinking that rang de basanti was much much better and mr .
santoshi should have left the industry - bashing to om shanti om .
industry - bashing ?
that 's right!!santoshi has depicted the industry as a place of back - biting , bitching and the casting couch which the hero happily indulges in with a starlet curiously named sania .
there are some people who will think that these portions show the real face of the industry .
do n't believe everything you see!all in all , raise your voice against movies like this and do n't spend your hard - earned money on this bomb .
* out of
* * * * .
this film is just a kids against evil genre .
thunderbirds is just the hook to get people to see it , but are almost incidental in use .
the fact that the action takes place on tracy island is just a ploy to pull in the public .
it was interesting to note what the film makers view of future london will be and how the world all fits together .
the best part of this film are some of the lines delivered by lady penelope which are highly comical .
these provided some light relief for those expecting a rerun of the tv series .
having said that it passes 90 or so minutes in a ' fun ' way and so may just be worth watching .
my god .
this movie was awful .
i ca n't complain about it too much .
i went to see it just to be grossed out .
it did suffice , sort of .
it 's funny that the most disgusting part of the movie was in the very , very beginning where the woman is extremely vividly forced to give birth to a horribly mutated baby .
i also think that it 's funny that the most notable actor in the movie was the hispanic soldier , who was a supporting actor in next friday .
everyone in the movie did a horrible acting job .
it was some of the worst acting i 've ever paid to see .
i also expected that it would be much more gruesome than the first one .
it was n't .
i expected it to be more gruesome because it 's a sequel and horror movie sequels are usually much less successful than their predecessors .
i expected it to be more gruesome since gore and violence usually sell a horror movie these days ( grudge 2 , saw 3 , jeepers creepers 1 & 2 , dead silence ) , but it actually was n't nearly as gruesome as the first one , which was yet another disappointment .
the mutants in the first one were kind of disturbing but the filmmakers were trying so hard in this one to make them creepy that they were absolutely hilarious .
i also hated the entire concept of showing the clip of the female soldier 's son on her camera - phone
saying " i love you , mommy " four times .
it was stupid to show it in the first place because they were just trying to make us feel worse for the vulnerable mother than the rest of the soldiers , and it was even more stupid to keep trying to make us feel even worse for her by showing it three more times for no reason .
this movie was a joke .
randall " memphis " raines is a retired master car thief who is forced back into the " game " when his younger brother faces death for not filling an order for british crime boss raymond calitri .
the job involves " lifting " 50 cars in 24 hours or calitri will enact his punishment .
so raines quickly assembles a crew he can trust and sets about the task to hand .
but the police are on to him and some of the cars on the list are not easy takes .
it would seem a near impossible job to complete .
it 's got quite a cast has gone in 60 seconds , nicolas cage , angelina jolie , robert duvall , will patton , delroy lindo , vinnie jones , giovanni ribisi , christopher ecclestone , scott caan & timothy olyphant .
all of whom deserve better .
enough acting horsepower there to propel a porsche 998 turbo .
trouble is , is that this is very much a case of too many cars overstocking the car park , mucho characters , not enough zest .
from the off we are in no doubt that this is a bruckheimer / simpson production , bonkers script laced with loud noises and lashings of cheese , scattergun editing , and directed with sledgehammer subtly by dominic sena .
it 's essentially a big budget remake of h.b. halicki 's 1974 indie movie of the same name , with the premise offering up the potential for an adrenalin fuelled car based movie .
potential that sadly is never realised .
there 's one or two high impact moments , daft for sure , but enjoyable none the less .
but if you pardon the pun , the film never gets out of first gear , it 's more content to labour with its ream of characters who mope about trying to make the boorish screenplay { scott rosenberg } work .
car fans will get something from it { the cars are ace on the eye } , as will fans of unintentional comedy movies { check out ecclestone 's carpenter grief moment } .
but no , it 's really rather poor all told .
must every good story be " improved " with added corny broadway music ?
apparently those who ca n't come up with their own plots think that classic literature is just there for the plundering .
i confess that oliver twist and similar stories are not my favorites , as it is certainly true that dickens often wrote things that leave you considerably bummed out , and this was a great example of just that ...
so of course , take this serious tale and add nauseating music and camp it up with every character from prancing orphan boys to mincing bobbies and suddenly it 's uplifting ?
argh .
fetch me a basin .
the four stars in my rating come from casting , which i could liken to that of my fair lady .
each of these films had a cast that a play version could be proud of , but then they must go and have them sing ( see complaint above ) .
unlike my fair lady , those singing here could actually do so and they mercifully spared us the singing voice of oliver reed
( pardon
if i 'm mistaken , it 's been a while).my biggest complaint i 've stated .
why embarrass everyone except the truly shameless by putting silly songs into a perfectly good story ?
seldom has this been done to good effect .
generally it ruins the story .
it did with this one .
jury 's still out on whether this story is worth saving , but with all that gadding about , it 's impossible to tell .
i am very surprised to see such a high rating for this film , and of the few reviews that there are to be positive .
i saw the movie and was pretty dissapointed .
i did n't find it very enjoyable at all .
it was slow , and lacks the entertainment value .
even the murder scenes are lackluster , with real close - up shots of generic stabbings that do n't look good at all .
and the supposed great twist ending is really not much , i did see it coming , and then the ending just seemed cliche .
this movie may not get much mention , but by the little that it does get , it is overrated .
i would not recommend this movie .
why is it that a woman can not be a strong character in a movie without sleeping with the leading man ?
the campaign manager in this movie dreams of leading tom sellick to the white house .
it 's all she can think about .
so , why on earth must she have had an affair with him ?
it added nothing to the plot and served only to demean successful women .
the only value of that tidbit was the cute
" we 've all slept with your husband " scene .
also , could n't the people who made this movie have watched the national conventions they were spoofing ?
airing between the two major political conventions only served to highlight their total ignorance of the nomination and selection process .
okay , i 'm not going to critique this film in depth .
i note the many elogious reviews in advance of me , and as i generally like maria de medeiros , i have been long hesitant to make a disparaging comment - and in such fashion nearly a year has passed .
but each time i see that dvd on my shelf , i sense an inner groan .
anyway , let the elogious voices override me !
but for other cinephiles like me - beware .
expressed in simplest and gentlest terms , here 's my stance :
the political turmoil and overthrow providing the backdrop for this film also served as a backdrop for a certain period of my life - via newspapers i read daily in my local middle - european pub .
at that time , i followed the newsreports , but never fully grasped what the heck was transpiring .
the reporters tended to report either in non - partisan terms , or with a conservatism which frowned upon any groups disturbing the peace or fomenting rebellion against the establishment .
those were times when other winds of unrest swirled through paris , berlin , prague , and various places in the u.s. , all of whose issues i understand clearly at the time - but dictatorship or not , my papers tended to treat the govermentment of portugal simply as the establishment - not as a well - fleshed out " evil empire " , to use flippant star war terms .
so , week after week , i read of disturbances , but never found an intelligent editorial that might provide the history behind them , or evaluate the practices and social - economic impacts of the dictatorship , etc .
so , in purchasing this film , i had at least two hopes : to finally understand the details leading up to the social unrest , and to enjoy a well - conceived drama .
this film gave me neither .
the film presupposes that viewers already have ample knowledge and deep emotions regarding the historical facts .
and the drama - well , as i said , i want to encourage maria de medeiros and the portugues film industry ,
but - it was trite and shallow .
i obtained my copy of the dvd from france - " selection official cannes 2000 - un certain regard " .
the box shows smiling clean - shaven actors , the lead giving the victory sign in a fashion that reminds me more of the playboy bunny .
after seeing the work , i wondered what the french could have thought of it - though as a shallow piece of " cinema verite ' " with sensitive ethnic content , i can understand their natural inclination to praise it for its " honesty " but ...
look at the back of the box : "
un regard chaleuruex sur la revolution " - a warm regard ?
try describing allende 's overthrown and murder with a a " warm regard " !
try it with czechoslovakia in 1968 !
try it with the whole line - up of overthrows , and civil rebellions!another review : maria de medeiros
a renoue ' avec son pays , son enfance et son histoire .
rubbish , rubbish , rubbish !
at least for me .
i love portugal .
in all of europe , lisbon , barcelona and prague are my favorite cities .
but my love for a city and a country does n't flesh out a vacuous film .
i 'll hang on to my ancient vhs tapes of capas negras and a cancao de lisboa - meanwhile , i 'm stuck with a zone 2 by the above title that might as well go in the trash .
after reading some very good reviews about this film i thought i would give it a watch and after being very disappointed with the film i thought i would give it my own review .
this is my first ever so bare with me .
first of all i would scratch horror from the genre as in no way
is it horrific or scary in the slightest ( with the exception of a few feeble attempts to make you jump unfortunately one of which worked on me . )
i would say that calling this film a thriller is pushing it as i was n't particularly thrilled either !
the film is about a spoiled mischievous girl who faints a few times .
during these times she visits a house which she has been drawing , after each visit she decides to add something else to the house to make it a bit more lively one of the features being a sad little boy who is also ill in reality .
as she befriends the boy she realises that her imaginary world that she created is actually better than the real world that she is in .
until she adds her constantly away father to the house , due to a misdrawing her dad turns out to be evil and her and the boy must escape from his clutches .
think its an attempt to be a slightly more mellow version of a nightmare on elm street but is more like a trip to the beach .
in conclusion my generous 3/10 will hopefully stop at least one of you from watching this drab !
this is by far the worst movie i have ever seen ! ! ! !
i can honestly say i have never seen a movie worse than this one!!!and
i mean never!!!!i'm a big fan of " b " horror movies .
as you may imagine ....
i 've been exposed to some of worst that the movie industry has to offer .
i was lured to this movie by it 's title .
i mean c'm on ... what true fan of horror would n't be intrigued by a title like " vampires vs. zombies " ? ? ?
images of the " undead " battling each other to the " undeath " danced in my head .
i thought to myself ...
" this i 've got to see"!!!!well .... sorry to say .... " this i wish i had n't seen"!!!!!this
movies title is very misleading to say the least .
there was no vampires fighting zombies .
in fact , there is no plot ! ! ! !
if you were to ask me what this movie is all about
i could honestly tell you i have no idea!!!there was no plot ! ! ! !
there was no story ! ! ! !
this movie absolutely makes no sense at all!!!!at the end of this debacle ...
i found myself feeling sorry for the poor souls who had invested their money into this project for they surely have no business sense ! ! !
of the three titles from jess franco to find their way onto the official dpp video nasty list ( devil hunter , bloody moon and women behind bars ) this is perhaps the least deserving of notoriety , being a dreadfully dull jungle clunker enlivened only very slightly by a little inept gore , a gratuitous rape scene , and loads of nudity .
gorgeous blonde ursula buchfellner plays movie star laura crawford who is abducted by a gang of ruthless kidnappers and taken to a remote tropical island inhabited by a savage tribe who worship the ' devil god ' that lurks in the jungle ( a big , naked , bulging - eyed native who likes to eat the hearts of nubile female sacrifices).employed by laura 's agent to deliver a $ 6million ransom , brave mercenary peter weston ( al cliver ) and his vietnam vet pilot pal travel to the island , but
encounter trouble when the bad guys attempt a double - cross .
during the confusion , laura escapes into the jungle , but runs straight into the arms of the island 's natives , who offer her up to their god .
franco directs in his usual torpid style and loads this laughable effort with his usual dreadful trademarks : crap gore , murky cinematography , rapid zooms , numerous crotch shots , out of focus imagery , awful sound effects , and ham - fisted editing .
the result is a dire mess that is a real struggle to sit through from start to finish
( it took me a couple of sittings to finish the thing ) , and even the sight of the luscious buchfellner in all of her natural glory ai n't enough to make me revisit this film in a hurry .
this is a kind of genre thing , meaning you either like the 1950s musicals or you do n't .
if you do , you 'll love this .
personally , i prefer the 1930s and most of the ' 40s musicals with the dancing talents of astaire and rogers , and eleanor powell , bill robinson , ruby keeler , james cagney , shirley temple and so forth
but the songs of the ' 50s , the slower dance numbers and the soapy melodramas of the decade all turn me off .
this film is a case - in - point .
the first song was okay
but the next three did nothing for me .
by then , the story did n't have much appeal , either .
the presence of deborah kerr is another minus .
i do n't think i 've seen a movie she starred in that i liked , including this one , where the goody two - shoes english teacher she portrays spends half the movie threatening to leave siam .
( i which she had ! ) .
however , divorcing myself from likes - and - dislikes , there is no denying this rogers and hammerstein production has a lot of appeal to many folks , particularly those who liked " the sound of music " a decade later .
there are similarities in the r&h musicals .
thus , if you liked the julie andrews flick , you should like this , too .
this is a lavish production with , yes , a capital " l. "
this is the kind of big - production musicals you rarely saw after that generation .
you also get the dubbed singers , unlike today , where the actress is n't able to really sing so marnie nixon comes to rescue of kerr , as she did with natalie wood in " west side story " and audrey hepburn in " my fair lady .
yul brynner is " king mongkut " and is the stereotypical traditionalist , the kind filmmakers always portray in a negative way .
he is n't " progressive , " as the left wingers like the say , but the education teacher ( kerr , as " anna leonowens " ) will set him straight .
secular - progressives of today always place teachers higher than people trying to cure cancer !
however , yul is good in this role and even employs some comedy along with his more - bark - than - bite character .
justifiably , he is the big star of this film .
brynner had magnetism .
even in " the magnificent seven , " yul was the one cowboy who mesmerized the audience .
in summary , it 's a fine movie for its day and millions of people enjoyed it .
i 'll leave it at that .
watching " der himmel über berlin " as a teen in the late 80 's was a profound experience for me - " so this was what the movies could be " .
along with " paris , texas " and " until the end of the world " it still holds a special place in my heart and mind - a testament to the genius of wim wenders .
unfortunately later years has seen a steady decline in the quality of his work with " million dollar hotel " and " land of plenty " hitting a terrible low point .
gone are the captivating pictures or music .
no search for or display of great insight .
all that is left are characters and thinly veiled political statements , that boils down to nothing but clichés , and quite frankly mock the intelligence of a mature audience .
has the well run dry ?
whatever the reason , it 's time for mr. wenders to either step it up or stop altogether .
genghis cohn is a ( very ) mildly entertaining british movie about a german police commissioner in the late 1950 's who is haunted by the ghost of a jewish comedian that he killed 15 years earlier while serving under hitler in the ss .
the ghost comes back and wants his killer to live as a jew to atone for the murders he committed .
otto , the german policeman actually knows this ghost 's name because , the last thing he did before he died was said , in yiddish , ` kiss my ass ' .
the policeman did n't speak yiddish , so he asked around until he found the meaning .
the ` kiss my ass ' left such an impression that everybody involved with that killing learned and remembered the comedian 's name , genghis cohn .
there are a bunch of men who are murdered in the jurisdiction of the police commissioner , and there are no helpful clues .
the men are murdered with a set of knives that are missing from the local butcher .
the butcher announces that his knives are missing while the commissioner is in the store to get a liver and onion sandwich , so the commissioner is a suspect .
the first man is killed while making love to the butcher 's wife , so the butcher is a suspect .
but the butcher maintains that he would be very busy if he killed every man that slept with his wife .
all the men are killed immediately after the climax of lovemaking .
i think i might be a bit angrier than the ghost of genghis cohn if i was killed like he was .
he seems to be very good - natured about it , as if he was just in a mild car accident .
i can only guess that it is because it is a british movie and they are known for being a very polite people .
he uses some of his material from his stand - up routing , and i just did n't find it very funny .
i gave this movie a 4 because it was just kind of goofy .
i thought it should have been a little more serious than it was .
the movie turns out to be a murder mystery ( where did this come from ? ) , and it seemed that genghis should have been more helpful than he was .
the movie gave me a tiny look into jewish culture , but was only skin - deep .
do all jews love liver and onion sandwiches ?
do they all say ` shtoop ' and ` meshuganah ' in their daily vocabulary ?
is n't there more important stuff that we should know about the culture?i
saw this movie at a jewish community center in berkeley , ca , and i was the only person in the room whose hair was not fully gray or white .
( i have no gray or white hair . )
there were 18 of us , and after the movie they stayed for about 20 minutes to discuss the movie .
there were 2 main concerns expressed there : 1 .
the movie was way too light - hearted and future generations might not understand the gravity of what happened and 2 .
as the holocaust survivors are dying off , future generations will not know what really happened .
i thought that this second concern was ridiculous and i told them i thought they did n't need to worry because there is tons of literature out there
and there will always be people who like to watch movies , like myself .
the murder of 6,000,000 people by a very bad man will not ever be forgotten .
i write this last paragraph because they charged me with telling others about my experience that day .
teamo supremo are three kids , consisting of their leader- captain crandall , rope girl and skate lad , all with their own battlecry ( buza !
chika !
woopa ! )
and outfit and moves .
they work for the governor , kevin , and were recruited after wishing to be heroes and playing at that game .
they lead normal lives as well , and have family and school duties , but most of the action takes place away from school fighting villains .
the villains all have rather unique and singular traits , such as mister vague and his men who never seem to know what their plans are but act anyway .
from an evil robot to a wicked baron the three have to encounter them and stop their evil , and often strange , plans to gain power , take revenge etc .
the animation itself is quite nice and smooth , but the style appears to be simple on purpose .
the backgrounds have overlapping colour and the buildings seem futuristic .
the music is quite nice , and the show is n't too bad altogether , although the style is n't my favourite .
the plots are almost always nonsensical and ridiculous , but after all this is a cartoon and one ca n't blame them for that .
however this would not be in the same rank as fillmore !
or pepper ann .
i have to say that there is nothing wrong with low budget films , so that was not my problem with it .
my problem with it is that i felt like i was watching my next door neighbor 's home movie .
imo everything about it just seemed like a guy wrote out a quick story , grabbed a camera , and started shooting .
i understand how hard this must be to do effectively , but when i pay to rent a film , i expect to feel like i am watching some type of professionally made movie .
john schneider has a huge resume , is a great actor , and was fine in this film .
the other people in it were not .
i understand how it must be fun , and cheaper to use friends , and relatives as the cast , but it does n't make for convincing acting .
it seemed like the way it was shot , he was trying to give many of the scenes a more interesting look , but when the writing , plot , and acting are there to begin with , that type of style is n't necessary , and it is a distraction .
also on a technical level , it had digital artifacts all over the place .
in the first scene of all of those fine cars , when they did a slow scan of them , they appeared to jerk back and forth just a little bit .
the problem is n't in my viewing equipment , ( benq pe-8700 84 " diagonal )
but somewhere in the production .
i 've never seen that kind of artifact in a professionally made film before .
then there was the sound .
it sounded like they did n't do any voice - overs , which may be o.k .
unless it sounded like the track in this film .
it sounded like the built in microphone on the camera .
the wayward cloud is a frustrating film to watch .
infuriatingly enigmatic , it treats each shot like a work of art .
you get the impression that the composition of each shot has been designed and prepared with a degree of exquisite care that borders on obsession ; expressing how far cinema has progressed since the very first films were cranked out in the nineteenth century and mimicking their construction , the camera here hardly ever moves  apart from during the camp and colourful musical numbers .
ambient noise is kept to a minimum and barely a word is spoken .
this curious but effective device forces the audience to focus their attention on visual stimuli alone so that , even as the story progresses at a snail - like pace we feel ourselves becoming immersed .
unfortunately , for me at least , this immersion begins to unravel somewhere around the hour mark .
i began to feel as if the film was challenging me to keep watching while becoming more difficult as the minutes dragged so that the mere act of watching became a battle of wills .
had the content of this film not been as sexual as it is
it would no doubt been even more obscure to western audiences .
as it is , there 's an abundance of female nudity and an act of sexual abuse on an unconscious ( or possibly dead ) woman that is so repugnant that , while it may speak volumes about the degradation to which pornography subjects both men and women ( the users and the used ) it is so over - zealous in the manner in which it chooses to make its point as to effectively render it ineffective .
of course the worst and most enthusiastic participants of the explosion in available pornographic content will seek this film out for all the wrong reasons and watch it with their sticky finger on the fast - forward button of the remote .
for all its problems , the film is definitely a stayer , and the more you think about it the more sense certain aspects of it seem to make .
ironically , for a film in which so little happens , the viewer would probably be proportionately rewarded by watching a second or even third time .
for me , however , once was enough 
i live in ottawa where this film was made
and i really wish it had n't been .
this is one god - awful flick .
i really try and support independent films but there is this stigma attached to anything indie and
that stigma is : indie films blow .
well , this film does nothing to shed this curse .
the actor , writer , director brett kelly does little to contribute to the genre , rather he re - hashes tired clichés from movies past .
i am really tired of menacing evil looking characters that lurk in the shadows and prey on the unsuspecting , it 's way too overdone .
i can remember one scene in particular right near the end of the flick where the whole scene is lit with car headlights .
now some may say that this was an effect used to create mood and tension , but sadly it was to showcase the shoestring budget of this movie .
as well for a movie that dares to call itself horror , a viewer will find themselves hard pressed to find any actual gore , other than a few scenes with corn syrup and red food colouring .
the biggest thing that drags this film down is the pacing and the lack of character development , the basic plot is that children are being kidnapped and the parents must track down this bonesetter fellow before a certain time in order to get their kids back .
not that this concept bugs me , but , i did n't really find it believable that when the two main characters , both who have lost children can find time to make out with each other .
this is done in such a short time
span that it 's inconceivable , my first priority would be to get my daughter back and at least get to know the lady before making out with her .
the last point that i have is ....
and i wo n't hold this against kelly , but the movie is shot entirely on boring , emotionless video and that really takes away from any tense moments that would have just oozed style on film .
although if this movie were given a million dollar makeover and redone the story and boring acting and lame everything could not keep this movie afloat .
my only hope is that something happens to prevent brett kelly from making a sequel , which has been reported on his website , a sequel that was half written in one sitting .
lord help us all .
this movie is not very good .
in fact , it is the worst elvis movie i have seen .
it has very little plot , mostly partying , beer drinking and fighting .
burgess meredith and thomas gomez are wasted .
i do n't know why they did this movie .
you could say elvis was wasted as well , he is much , much better in " follow that dream . "
this is an interesting idea gone bad .
the hidden meanings in art left as clues by a serial killer sounds intriguing , but the execution in " anamorph " is excruciatingly slow and without much interest .
there is no other way to describe the film except boring .
the death clues are the only interesting part of " anamorph " .
everything connecting them is tedious .
willem dafoe gives a credible performance as the investigator , but he has little to do with a script that is stretched to the limit .
several supporting character actors are wasted , including peter stormare as the art expert , james rebhorn as the police chief , paul lazar as the medical examiner , and most notably deborah harry , who is featured on the back of the dvd case , yet only has a couple lines spoken through a cracked door .
not recommended .
- merk
i do n't see what everyone liked about this movie .
the set - up was too long and talky , and when it was done , the main character remained as flat and opaque as he had been in the first scene .
after the film finally got cusack into the eponymous hotel room , i had to wonder , well , what 's going to happen here for the next hour or so to keep me engaged .
the answer : not much , just john cusack having a long , drawn - out , mental breakdown .
maybe if the cusack character had more depth .
maybe if his freak - out were a more thorough reworking of his everyday life .
maybe if the film had either better developed its half - baked themes about loss and faith or had not tacked them on in the first place .
maybe if the film had made a choice to be either psychological horror or thrill - ride horror and had fully embraced one of these styles .
i dunno .
all i do know is that i saw this movie with two other horror buffs and none of us much liked it .
except for the disquieting episode on the hotel ledge , the alarming crazy lady with the hammer , and the so - stupid - it - was - fun crypt keeper in the air duct , all three of which account for no more than five minutes of screen time , this film was a bore .
by the way , this story seems to steal ideas from the shining and use them here to much less powerful effect .
is stephen king now reduced to stealing ideas from himself ?
it 's been nearly 30 years , and i still hate everyone involved in this movie .
it remains the worst movie i 've ever seen .
before seeing this , i never much minded rivers , one way or the other .
after seeing this movie , i have an allergic reaction when i accidentally see her on television .
i got dragged to this - against my better judgment - by peer pressure .
however , coming out of the theater , those friends swore an oath to never again overrule my choice of movie .
nearly thirty years later , we still carry around mental scars from this movie .
on my deathbed , one of my regrets will be the time i wasted hoping that this movie might get better .
it never did .
if you are ever given a choice , you would prefer putting your own eyes out to sitting though this movie .
i registered for imdb comments just in the hope that perhaps i can warn others against viewing this movie .
if i can save just one person from watching this , then my existence on this earth will have been justified .
dil was a memorable movie that bring to the celluloid a great director like indra kumar .
the movie followed with beta , ishq , raja & masti all of whom were superb .
but then every successful director gives a few horrible movies alongwith some hits too .
pyare mohan is one such movie .
though the comedies are told nicely
but then they fail the viewer to laugh .
comparing with the kind of comedy movies being made today this is a dumb .
if you really want to watch a movie and laugh , please do n't watch this .
because the pathetic comedy will make you cry only .
in short , the movie is worth a miss .
oh , what a bad , bad , very bad movie !
cowritten by and starring sylvester stallonethat should have been enoughand featuring too many rock - climbing scenes , vertigo , falling , and scene - chewing villains and a botched airborne heist .
there are two plots , both lame .
one involves a traumatic failed rescue , and the other involves bad people wrecking an airplane for booty , and killing various harmless people whenever possible .
the usually reliable john lithgow , perhaps depressed by the sheer awfulness of the product , is reduced to sneering and calling those for whom he does n't care " bostid ! "
in a vague approximation of an english accent .
janine turner , who was sprightly and enigmatic when she played maggie on northern exposure , is sadly wasted in the part of a rescue climber and pilot .
stallone is stolid and muscle - headed .
no deathless lines in this one .
no living lines , either .
with adam sandler .
this is without a doubt one of the most idiotic films ever made .
it 's about cruise ship waiter
shecky ( sandler ) wanting to be a comedian on the cruise ship .
first off , there is not one funny or clever line in the entire movie honestly .
it is so unfunny
it 's pathetic .
there is surprisingly not much crude or sexual humor , but the f - word is plentiful .
the budget is really low , and that also ruins the film .
it takes place on a cruise ship , but it seems they only had money to rent out a small boat and only had money for 10 ship extras , one of which is billy bob thornton .
the opening credits are animated reeeeeaally cheaply , and it is just pathetic .
i hate this movie and everyone else that sees this will hate it too.86 mins .
rated r for language .
the story and the show were good , but it was really depressing
and i hate depressing movies .
ri'chard is great .
he really put on a top notch performance , and the girl who played his sister was really awesome and gorgeous .
seriously , i thought she was carmen electra until i saw the imdb profile .
i ca n't say anything bad about peter galleghar .
he 's one of my favorite actors .
i love anne rice .
i 'm currently reading the vampire chronicles , but i 'm glad i saw the movie before reading the book .
this is a little too"real " for me .
i prefer lestat and louis 's witty little tiffs to the struggles of slaves .
eartha kitt was so creepy and after her character did what she did
the movie was ruined for me ; i could barely stand to watch the rest of the show .
( sorry for the ambiguity , but i do n't want to give anything away )
sorry ,
but it 's just not my type of show .
the case is the best part of the movie but it alone is not worth the purchase price .
i expected a " based on the true story " movie only to find a shot on home video hodge - podge of poorly shot clips tied together with pathetic acting and non - related slaughter house scenes .
the video scenes had numerous rewind situations which were used probably to extend the length of the feature rather than for effects .
i started this review before i was even halfway through the movie and waited till it was over just in case it had a better ending but , low and behold it only got worse .
if i could mark it any lower it would have been a negative ten .
learn from my mistake and save your money and time with this one .
seriously , i can easily stomach a lot of on screen blood , gore and repulsiveness , but what really makes this film disturbing & uncomfortable to watch is how the doctor character keeps on rambling about the physical damage done to raped women .
he , john cassavetes of " rosemary 's baby " , talks about ruptured uterus , dry intercourse and massive loads of reddish ( ? )
sperm like they are the most common little ailments in the world of medicine .
that being said , " incubus " is an ultimately strange horror effort .
it is n't necessarily awful  although it is n't very good , neither 
but just plain weird .
the muddled & incoherent script initially revolves on the hunt for a rapist - killer of flesh and blood ( even though the title clearly suggests the involvement of a supernatural creature ) and it never seems to stop introducing new characters .
none of these characters , especially not the main ones , come across as sympathetic and for some never - explained reason they all seem to keep dark secrets .
the aforementioned doctor has an odd interpretation of daughter - love and continuously behaves like he 's a suspect himself , the town 's sheriff ( john ireland ) appears to be in a constant state of drunkenness and does n't even seem to care about who keeps raping & killing the women in his district , the female reporter is even too weird for words and the galens ( an old witch and her grandson ) are just plain spooky .
all together they desperately try to solve the mystery of whom or what exactly is destroying the towns ' women reproducing organs .
the sequences building up towards the rapes & murders are admirably atmospheric and the vile acts themselves are bloody and unsettling .
basically these are very positive factors in a horror film , but the narrative structure is too incoherent and the characters are too unsympathetic for " incubus " to be a really good film .
also , there are quite a few tedious parts to struggle yourself through ( like footage of a bruce dickinson concert ! )
and the usually very reliable
john hough 's direction is nearly unnoticeable .
the final shot is effectively nightmarish , though .
for me personally , " incubus " was a bit of a disappointment , but there are still several enough reasons to recommend this odd piece of early 80 's horror to open - minded genre fanatics .
when i first saw this film in cinema 11 years ago , i loved it .
i still think the directing and cinematography are excellent , as is the music .
but it 's really the script that has over the time started to bother me more and more .
i find emma thompson 's writing self - absorbed and unfaithful to the original book ; she has reduced marianne to a side - character , a second fiddle to her much too old , much too severe elinor - she in the movie is given many sort of ' focus moments ' , and often they appear to be there just to show off thompson herself .
i do understand her cutting off several characters from the book , but leaving out the one scene where willoughby in the book is redeemed ?
for someone who red and cherished the book long before the movie , those are the things always difficult to digest .
as for the actors , i love kate winslet as marianne .
she is not given the best script in the world to work with
but she still pulls it up gracefully , without too much sentimentality .
alan rickman is great , a bit old perhaps , but he plays the role beautifully .
and elizabeth spriggs , she is absolutely fantastic as always .
i saw one of the stage performances in denver and have never been less impressed .
the word " vagina " says it all .
a body part .
nothing shocking here .
i could say to my doctor , " my left arm has been hurting a bit after tennis " or " my vagina hurts after cycling " with equal or more social commentary .
it could be the " tricep monologues " for all the entertainment or radical comment i heard .
the monologues were dull but delivered with drama , the topics were outdated , and i was alternately bored and annoyed .
once i think i laughed
but apparently it was n't when i was supposed to .
surely this is n't really a hit .
oh , and spoilers : there was a lesbian !
oh , wait , maybe not , come to think of it .
and inappropriate fondling !
and a crack mama !
that about covers it .
i ca nt understand at all why so many godzilla fans think this is excellent , one of the best godzilla films ever in fact .
this film is horrible and one of the very few gojira films i ca nt stand to watch again ( the other being g. vs
megalon).the plot is too campy to be in the heisei series , a series that attempted to turn the aging godzilla franchise into bonafide action films , revolving around ideas that seemed more in place in 1974 than 1991 .
it just sounded ridiculous , especially with some of the subject matter , take for example the ww2 scene , with the japanese soldiers praising a dying godzillasaurus , a mournful and serious tone , take the exuberant former commander turn capitalist and his death , serious seens in a film its fans somehow denote as played for laughs , as a goofy romp with guilty illogical fun ,
if so than this is easily one of the most tasteless films i 've seen , however i think its more likely it was only talent the filmmakers lacked and this was a case of a straight faced action movie gone bad .
it was made ever worse by the fact that the special effects are terrible beyond compare , from the jet packs to the android , to the hokey sound effects emitted from everything , its impossible to take anything seriously , and yet the film expects you to , there 's no nudges to the camera .
like nearly all godzilla films there 's a pointless romance , and this is no exception , though something can be said about the fact that this one is especially pointless since and inexplicable .
there is literally no reason at all presented for the romance , it just happens and there lives make 360 degree commitments for it .
aside from this the other terrible aspect of this film is dialogue , both the japanese and english is horrible , clunky and possibly the inspiration for battlefield earth .
the tristar dvd compounds the problems , making everything look grainy , blurred , dim and just plain ugly , the same was for the sound .
i first saw the japanese region 2 version and the differences are night and day , with the original vibrant colors and texture , the noteworthy score , the fight scenes especially , are actually watchable .
in my opinion , the heisei series is a disappointment , with the exception of godzilla 1984 ( japanese version ) there is little to praise here , and godzilla vs. king ghidorah is case in point of this failure .
it does n't even come close to deserving the reputation and fans it gets.2 out of 10
fashionably fragmented , yet infuriatingly half - realized character - study , an examination of the different personalities of two college roommates : a talented but undisciplined star basketball player , and a pot - smoking , womanizing rabble - rouser .
we never learn why these young men are friends .
they may share confusions about the world and their places in it , but they do n't seem to have anything else in common .
making his directorial debut , jack nicholson -- who also co - wrote the screenplay with jeremy larner , based upon larner 's book -- doesn't introduce us to the characters with any clarity , nor he does shape the scenes to help us identify with anyone on the screen .
there are some very decent performances here ( particularly from newcomer william tepper in the central role ) , but most of the picture is unformed ( perhaps intentionally ) , sketchy or unsure .
bruce dern plays the hard - driving basketball coach , karen black is the older , married lady tepper is having an affair with , and michael margotta is tepper 's wayward friend ( in an off - putting , over - the - top performance ) .
nicholson fails to set up the sequences with any particular flavor , preferring ( i assume ) to let the character interaction dominate the film 's tone ; his script is no help either , and as a result it is unclear whom we 're supposed to sympathize with .
small , random moments do work ( a supermarket fight between tepper and black , dern visiting tepper in his dorm - room , all of the scenes set on the court ) , however the entire third act of the picture is an excruciating mess .
hoping to juxtapose an all - important b - ball game with a sexual assault , nicholson shows no style at his craft ( nor does he earn points for chutzpah , as his staging of these events is squashy and ugly ) .
when a director goes out of his way to humiliate his actors , one has to question his motives in doing so .
perhaps if " drive , he said " ultimately made some sort of powerful statement in the bargain , audiences could forgive the filmmaker for his lapses in judgment and taste .
unfortunately , the perplexing closer is as dumbfounding as much of the rest of the movie .
from * * * *
acting was weak , but in a horror flick , i can live with that if the story is good .
it was n't .
the initial event was an clumsy and obvious ploy to exploit most people 's adoration of kids .
ok , fine .
fast forward to the " place in the country " where they will recover emotionally .
i like the revelation of the ghosts .
ok , cool -- this will be a supernatural kinda horror story , with rotting things partly in our world partly in ...
where ever .
then the action starts pulling like a three headed dog in a flurry of cats and birds -- is there an evil force trying to attack them directly ?
is there an evil force trying to attack them indirectly -- make people do awful things they would n't really do ?
oh , wait , no
, maybe the whole region is some kind of psychic echo chamber where ambient discord can reverberate into murder ?
ok , hold on -- maybe it 's really just one little mentally tangled " delbert"-style redneck boy who misses his mommy and is on some kind of spree like a k - tel norman bates knock off ?
oh , yeah --
extra points off : the only black character seems to be the grandson of an " our gang " pullman porter .
the actor plays it as straight as he can given the crummy dialogue , but the fact is , his purpose is " y'all done betta get outa heah , boss ! "
at least they wrote him smart enough to gtf outta there .
the bit with the little girl being silenced and pulled away was definitely creepy , as was the chick in the shower .
those were just two of quite a few really delicious tidbits in this movie .
the problem is that they are combined in disharmonious ways , like a bite of steak , a bite of chocolate and a bite of a gummi bear .
each is great on it 's own , but mixed up ?
bleah !
such potential .
wasted .
well to answer one persons 's question of " why does n't anyone remember this film ?
" it 's because really , not that many people saw it in 1978 and it 's not been shown much on tv since .
( if it 's on video that 'd be news to me ! )
even in the era of sometimes mindless comedies that was the ' 70s , movie - goers had the smarts to avoid this film .
unless they love billy crytal , paul lynde or joan rivers " that " much !
paul lynde was funnier on " bewitched " or " hollywood squares " than here .
joan rivers at this time in her career was getting laughs making cruel jokes about singer karen carpenter 's lack of weight !
har - har joan !
it also seems like every " somewhat " famous name from the era is in the cast .
( most surprising is doris roberts later of " everybody loves raymond".)anyhow , a somewhat good idea for a storyline , a man getting pregnant instead of the woman goes to waste here .
with help from a male friend crystal gets set up with a hooker to finally lose his virginity but because she was " on top " instead of him , he gets pregnant !
( a commentary on women taking positions of power away from men).crystal 's stomach grows , he goes through all the female emotions and related feelings .
unfortunately , he is now a socially misunderstood outcast !
he 's attacked by a mob who wants him rubbed out ( i guess).he 's forced to go into seclusion to have his baby ... in a barn .
or if you will , a manger ( god only knows where it may have exited from !
ewwww ! )
it turns out ( no shock here ) to be a girl !
everything else about this movie is worthless and forgettable , the humor is high school level or less.2 stars for a good idea and a few good touching & relevant moments
w/ billy crystal .
ignore the rest of rabitt test , it flunks big time!i
ca n't believe roddy mcdowell signed on either !
( end )
after waking up at 3:30 in the morning and not being able to go to sleep , i decided that i may as well be entertained while i suffered from sleep deprivation .
this movie was on hbo
and i decided to watch it .
what a mistake!here is the plot ( potential spoilers , if you even care ) :
a neurotic man with an addiction to candy ( josh kornbluth ) works as a temp for some ridiculous company .
suddenly , he is offered the chance to " go perm , " which seems to be the favorite catch - phrase of this movie .
but with a secure job and a secure income within his grasp , josh decides for whatever stupid reason that he does n't want to do it .
he hopelessly bungles several minor tasks and his laziness and lack of ambition fill me with contempt .
his inability to send several " very important " letters within a given amount of time is supposed to be hilarious , but is merely stupid .
josh meets and deceives a lawyer woman and they wind up in bed together ( obviously a fantasy of josh 's in real life , as such a thing would never happen ) .
a bunch of other stuff happens , but it 's too trite and inane to go into now .
despite the fact that this movie is billed as a comedy , i only laughed twice during it ; the first time was the opening shot of josh kornbluth ( my initial reaction was one of stifling fear ) and the second was when he was in bed with the attractive woman ( yeah , right ) .
josh kornbluth is perhaps the most terrifying - looking person i have ever seen in my life .
he is an unattractive , overweight , balding jewish man who i am supposed to believe has sex with beautiful women .
i do not at all sympathize with josh 's character .
he is lazy and unmotivated and i just do n't appreciate the failed attempts at humor .
skip it , even if your life depends upon it .
this movie could have been so much better with a script rewrite .
not that i expect a great deal of plausibility in movies , but you 'd think that even the homeless and urban - dwelling jack mason would question why a group of experienced hunters would want to hire him as a hunting guide .
and upon reaching the hunting grounds , poor ice - t plays his part as if he is actually going to lead these men through woods he 's never seen before .
and how does jack mason find thomas burns back in seattle?i'm assuming this movie was based on richard connell 's short story " the most dangerous game .
a few years ago i showed this movie to a class of 9th grade students after they read the story .
i reedited the movie , cutting out all the pointless scenes and all the profanity .
it ended up being 43 minutes long .
nothing in this movie is funny .
i thought the premise , giving a human the libido of a randy ram , was interesting and should provide for some laughs .
wrong !
there is simply nothing funny about the movie .
for example , the main character making a pass at a goat in heat in the middle of a farmer 's yard is not funny , it borders on obscenity .
they are toying around with bestiality in this film on one level , and it just ai nt funny .
we all know that dogs will eat anything , anywhere , anytime .
the main character doing this with everything , everywhere , everytime is also not funny .
it becomes a cliche .
rob schneider is , i guess , acceptable in the role .
by this , i mean that he 's not a bad actor , but with rotten material
it 's difficult to comment on quality .
however , coleen haskell , the other half of the human - romantic leads ( does one count the number of animals that the main character has interest in as romantic leads too ? ) , seems embarrassed by the whole thing , as well she should be .
she seems to be acting in some kind of vacuum , detached from all the other actors in the movie .
see this film only if you wish to be bored by tasteless , dull , repetitive material .
no fireworks despite violent action .
science fiction films that reflect quality are scarce indeed , largely because transposal of imaginative themes from the genre to the screen too often falls short of effective execution as a result of insufficient funding or inadequate invention , and unfortunately for its producers , this work is lacking on both counts , woefully so in the case of the latter .
with essentially no budget with which to operate , it is a grave mistake to attempt the depiction of such a gamut of events as those within this scenario and , in particular , special effects of space opera warfare which appear only clownish , while seeds from the scriptors ' imagination lie fallow due to some of the most fatuous misunderstanding of basic scientific principles to be found .
among these are frequent firing of weapons within a sealed environment , and a wayward law of gravity which enables freedom of movement of cast members while inanimate objects float weightlessly , but it is easier to accept these than it is to pretend that any of the episodes have a basis in plausibility .
the plot involves an escape of life sentenced prisoners from a space station penal colony to a waste landfill upon our moon and their various attempts to obtain passage back to earth , with some few capable players present who are execrably directed by first - timer paolo mazzucato , whose production team wastes effort upon such as holographic pornography while ignoring a pressing and basic requirement for the creation of states of suspense and of impetus .
creepshow 2 is the ill - fated sequel to the george romero 's ( overrated ) original , creepshow .
any sequel following a romero film that 's not directed by romero himself has got some large shoes to fill , mostly because of the romero fans out there who think he 's god .
i did n't care much for the first film and funny enough , i did n't care much for the sequel .
the film series had so much potential
but it was short - lived because both films were less than stellar .
the biggest problem with creepshow 2 was that it only had three stories ( excluding the in - between story ) , and because the first story sucked beyond belief , it only left the chance for almost half of the movie to be * really * good .
i saw cs 2 at the movies and the first segment was a real groaner .
anything dramatic with george ' i ca n't act '
kennedy is automatically doomed and the indian statue story was too hokey and simply did n't belong in this sequel .
so after a really trite and dull start , there were only two other stories left to reverse the fiasco of the aborted beginning and unfortunately the two other stories were n't great enough for me to forget the first story .
the raft and the hitchhiker are moderately successful , moderately because though the two other segments have their moments , they still sorta fall flat .
the two last stories are basically stretched out for too long .
it 's not that i wanted the stories to happen at a dizzying pace and end fast , but both good ideas found within those stories were sorta nullified by the fact that they were slow and padded and eventually fell flat when the segments needed to be more energized , more erratic and with punchier endings .
also , if the two last stories had n't been stretched out to pad the movie or had all three segments been more brief with better editing and direction , they could have added a much needed fourth story to the bunch .
having only three padded segments made for a boring feast .
the acting and writing in both the raft and the hitchhiker segments are from awful to good .
i like lois chiles in the last segment .
it 's probably her best moment on screen aside from her role as bond girl holly goodhead in moonraker and in death on the nile .
but even her role is difficult to understand at times because of the serviceable direction and the unfocused story .
are we supposed to hate her or sympathize with her ?
are we supposed to sympathize with the annoying hitchhiker ?
if the hitchhiker 's body was found by other people on the road , what was he when he attacked chiles ?
was he a ghost or a zombie or what ?
how did the body eventually left the presence of the other people who found him dead in order to attack chiles ?
the whole thing is not very clear , even for a supernatural story .
and the ending is rather dull and uneventful .
as for the infamous the raft story , well , the acting is mostly on the awful side and none of the characters are sympathetic or interesting .
the characters would have been more interesting had the actors played themselves .
none of the actors are convincing in their specific roles .
paul satterfield looks smarter than the dumb jock
he 's playing and the actress who plays his girlfriend is not very convincing as the typical bitchy slut .
she seems too timid .
the same could be said with the two others who play the " plain " teens .
the idea of the killer oil slick is interesting and creepy but not well executed .
there should have been a fifth character to the story , maybe a homeless man or a ranger who lurks around the lake and knows about the oil slick and could have been the watery monster 's alter ego of sorts .
as creepy as the oil slick is , it does n't make for a compelling " character " .
and the way the story ends , everything seems pointless .
no punch to it whatsoever .
except for the few titillating aspects which always seems to make boring things worthwhile , seeing creepshow 2 at a theater was basically a waste of money and time .
cs 2 is more rental material than something you pay to see on the big screen .
i give this movie 3 out of 10 because i have watched zillions of movies and i can tell clearly what an intellectual movie with a mind - teasing message should look like .
definitely , the broken is not one of those movies .
i have to admit that the movie made me think a lot trying to understand what the whole thing was trying to lead to and despite the explanations i 've read in prior comments , they seemed only an exaggeration just to have one self in the intellectual league of people .
the photo on the cover clearly shows that the broken is the broken upper piece of the face which normally contains the brain .
it 's a clear message that once this part of the body is broken the rest will be deformed and lifeless .
so , you start waiting on the movie characters to show their defected sides and this is not obvious in any of the scenes because the movie starts right away without any introduction to the characters and their lives before .
though we see the father holding a rifle when his children try to surprise him as if he is aware he has enemies but still this is not a very strong clue .
had the clues been planted more in the movie , one would have said about that it is a masterpiece indeed .
but though the movie was so slow in pace , it was at the same time so empty with no metaphorical scenes at all .
and the reuniting of the evil dad with the evil gena at the end is a strong refuting evidence of the existential messages that some people spoke about in other comments .
furthermore , if gena truly lives in the apartment as her brother tells her at the end , then how come she is the evil one ?
i bet i can defy any theory about this movie with so many questions that can only lead to one conclusion : this movie is a pretentious one and a waste of time .
obviously it shows someone trying to make out of a meaningless mystery something which is of no value at all .
i am a huge fan of horror movies and specially slasher ones that some people call popcorn movies .
horror movies are not supposed to convey deep messages !
they 're supposed to uncover the beautiful mask of life and show you the other dark side of it which is the truest , i guess .
horror movies should have blood , screams , intensity , skeletons , body organs and parts .
because that is the real horror
and it 's never away from reality .
i have watched almost all horror movies and i can prove that each one of them can be as real as the sunrising .
nothing is unreal as long as the mind had thought of .
for instance , the horror movie " train " with all the slashing and tensity of it and its similarity almost in everything with " hostel " , it speaks about a very real thing which is selling body organs illegally by abducting people in foreign places where no one would ask or search for them .
and even if we considered the broken a movie that has an existential message , it is still very poorly presented and the least scary .
i prefer the addiction message presented in requiem for a dream which went beyond drug addiction to highlight the fact that any kind of addiction whether for sex , tv , safety / being pampered , etc ... can be so destructive and it scared the hell out of me .
and those who always criticize horror movies for being meaningless and very commercial , are usually just bunch of people who get scared easily and simply do n't like this genre
but this does n't mean that there are fans of such movies and that they have a lot to offer to the viewer from adrenaline turmoils , ecstasy , leadership lessons ( believe it or not ! )
, entertainment to most importantly the face to face interview with the essence of life , as ugly and scary as it may seems , death !
a few months ago , i was involved in a debate with another imdb poster ( hey , kmadden ) about this film .
the poster insisted that if i gave ' flushed away ' a chance , i would like it .
based partially on that argument , i agreed to watch the film .
'flushed
away ' has good intentions ( at least on aardman 's part ) , but lacks the strength to pull it all together .
its best asset is sewer rat / boat captain , rita
( played by kate winselt ) , who , imo , should have been the movie 's main character instead of roddy ( hugh jackman ) .
rita 's cool , tough , and interesting , while roddy spends much of his screen time sniveling .
one of the things that bothered me most about ' fa ' is the repetition of jokes that are n't funny to begin with .
when roddy gets hit in the crouch , the film makes sure he gets hit five more times immediately .
my name 's shocky , " says one of rita 's brothers , who then electrocutes roddy at least three times .
my tolerance for cheap gags that involve pain is at an all time low .
i wo n't waste time griping about katzenberg 's kleptomaniac tendencies toward pixar ( one similar film 's a coincidence , five 's a rip off . ) , but i will say i 'm disappointed in aardman .
they can do ( and have done ) so much better .
try harder next time , guys .
apparently most viewer knows nothing about the history of europe , including germany , hungary and the whole central and eastern europe as well as the hitler and stalin era .
nuremberg ( and a lot of forgotten trials all over europe ) was a revenge and injustice of the winners .
what do you think , why were not any american , british , french or soviet defendants after the wwii ?
there were no american , british etc .
war crimes ?
there were no hiroshima , no nagasaki ,
no tokyo , no dresden , no hamburg , no berlin , no katyn and so on ?
the germans had war crimes too , but in nuremberg the justice was not a real consideration .
the main point was : vae victis !
germany must perish !
( that was also a book title in america , 1941.)this film is an awful , ignoble american brainwashing instrument , full of error , lie , propaganda , prejudice and injustice .
and first of all : full of hypocrisy .
but not surprisingly ...
why was n't enough the nuremberg process itself ?
this film is a nightmare .
total darkness after 60 years !
this darkness ( and hate and narcissism and lack of self - criticism ) is the real cause of the massacres in korea , vietnam , cambodia , serbia , iraq and so forth .
and there are no american war criminals ...
bravo , america !
very clever .
even stalin would become envious of it ...
the poverty row horror pictures of the 1930s and ' 40s depress the hell out of me .
god knows i have nothing against low - budget films , but the ones produced in that period have such a dreary , shabby look about them -- and , in the final analysis , just are n't very good .
the corpse vanishes " is slightly more entertaining than bottom - of - the - barrel dreck like " the invisible ghost " and " the ape man " , but it 's no classic .
bela lugosi , long past his " dracula " heyday , plays yet another mad doctor ; the unbearable elizabeth russell plays his wife .
they sleep in coffins because , as lugosi explains to a doubtful young female reporter ( luana walters ) , a coffin is much more comfortable than a bed .
ho hum .
angelo rossitto and minerva urecal are also on hand , which might please hardcore fans of ' 30s and ' 40s films .
in 1988 , paperhouse was hailed as a " thinking man 's horror film .
" wow , you might say , sign me up .
this thing is a mess .
it features a one time young actress who has a range of like 1 to 2 .
g. headley with a bad british ( dubbed ) accent , and a story with no chills , thrills or spills .
it is n't even interesting psycho - babble .
one will only laugh at its cheap effects and long for a showing of leprechaun 5.the story involves a girl with glandular fever who escapes in her dreams .
you get is n't good horror , art house or even a decent after - school special .
i found myself after the two hour point saying ..
where did my two hours go .
the direction is uninspired and i wished it could even be pretentious ...
something interesting ..
it seems like the producers were on lithium .
even in the dream world things are boring .
a short no on this one .
the real shame of " the gathering " is not in the bad acting , nor is it in the despicably shallow plot .
the real shame is that it was far worse than the series it begun , even though it did have one main attraction : takashima .
i would love to see laurel takashima in a room with susan ivanova , even for just five minutes .
she has that sarcasm , that wit , that double - edged personality that is at once volatile and lovable .
sadly , though , the " babylon 5 " pilot movie has an incredibly dull story involving assassination .
patricia tallman-- who never seriously returned to the series until much later-- fortunately got much better with age as lyta alexander , who here is little more than a whiny , tiresome telepath .
i shall leave you with one final thought-- why is it that delenn looks like some sort of outer - space frog man ( even though she is a woman ) ?
thank heavens for the way the minbari looked later in the show .
i may have seen worse films than this , but i if i have , i do n't remember .
or possibly blocked them out .
who knows , if i was to undergo hypnotherapy , i may remember them , along , maybe , with been abducted by aliens as a child , or other traumas .
if so , i would happily exchange those memories for the ones i have of watching this film .
i should give the film some credit : it did produce an emotional response .
i actually started to become angry at scenes that spoofed other films and tv programs , that this travesty was dirtying them by association .
i am terrified that i may be unable to watch films like dr strangelove again without this film flitting across my minds eye .
cuba gooding jr. is a secret service agent who blames himself over the assassination of the u.s. president , i 'll point out straight away that this is not the type of role that this very talented actor is noted for , and this film shows us why .
he teams up with a persistent news reporter ( angie harmon ) to uncover the conspiracy surrounding the president 's death , and so on , blah , blah , blah .
even with a cast of james woods , cuba gooding jr , anne archer and
angie harmon ' end game ' fails to grab your attention , plain and simple
; some of the action is good , the acting is n't all bad and the story although clichéd and done before could have lead to an entertaining and enjoyable movie - well it doesn't !
the writing of the script and the direction makes absolutely sure of that , at no point does it suck you into the story or make you give the slightest thought to any of the characters.4/10
it 's boring , predictable and dull .
this was a complete disappointment .
the acting is n't bad , but the production was just so bad that at times i felt i needed to stop it , but i sadly made it through and was able to finish it a bit embarrassed by the whole poor movie .
it is o.k .
if you are o.k .
with cheesy moral plots and do n't mind watching a movie that vastly misconstrues whitman .
if you want a cheesy fictional story go for it .
caught this on ifc yesterday , and ca n't believe the positive reviews !
am i the only one who thought these " ladies " were anything but ?
kate tells jed she could get fired because she 's supposed to be a pillar of the community , but puts out for him !
then they suddenly decide they 're in love ?
and she 's so devastated over his death , she does n't go to his funeral , much less , tell his family the " good news " !
by the way , how did an american get to be the headmistress of a very proper british school ?
janine should have been kicked off the force for her inexcusable abuse of power , but nothing happens !
and she winds up boffing a con she brought in for questioning !
and the less said about molly , the better!as for the guilt janine and molly feel over jed , please !
it 's the punk 's own damn fault he got turned into roadkill !
where 's the guilt over poor gerald , who gets puked on ?
if only i could do the same to the bozos behind this " movie " !
" true " story of three girls who go into the wilds of connecticut and end up hunted by a maniac in the woods .
this is the sort of film that would have played in the drive ins across america thirty years ago to mixed acclaim .
not particularly much of anything the film works with its low budget to mixed results .
the film is watchable but is n't at all scary ( blame how some of the attack scenes for that ) .
its the sort of film that you 'll probably forget about once you 're done with it .
odds are that you 're never going to think to see this unless its handed to you by someone and told , " here watch this " , which is what happened to me .
if you 're handed a copy give it back , the film is n't worth the effort to see it even if it is watchable .
well , i do n't think the picture is as bad as most of the reviews make it out to be .
but there 's no denying that it 's got problems .
mostly , the problems are in the script .
there 's a plot - but not much story , and certainly not one that anybody could call plausible ; it trots out any number of self - consciously strange and/or stereotypical characters , lines , moments , what - have - you
and , by the end , it just has n't added up to much in this department .
sorry , but i could n't care less about whatever " social ill " farnsworth might be trying to address ; there will always be a sector of the population willing to do just about anything to shred their brains , even if it requires running around corn fields trying to steal ammonia , or whatever it is those morons do .
so , as a film , you wo n't find me calling " iowa " " important . "
but , at a stylistic level , the picture is more than interesting and some of farnsworth 's choices in depicting a meth - head 's wigged - out state are beautiful , hilarious , disturbing and - yes , i 'm going to say it - inspired .
the acting is uneven , but that just may be a casualty of the afore - praised stylistic reaching .
look , rosanna arquette is a fine actress - but she 's not very good here , so
a discriminating audience member does have to ask , " what happened ?
" it 's weird that diane foster manages a simplicity and grace that so few of the other actors can come anywhere near .
for example , i might seriously consider whatever explanation farnsworth could provide for michael t. weiss 's over - the - top turn as a probation officer , but i doubt i 'd ever buy it ; it just does n't work .
then again , it 's the most alive and in the moment that i 've seen john savage appear in years .
so go figure .
this is the sort of work that tantalizes , but does not promise - and that 's okay ;
neither farnsworth nor anyone else is required to make movies .
so , whether or not farnsworth has another film in him remains to be seen , but if he does , it seems pretty likely that it wo n't be bland pap .
in an age when people are planning their lives around the latest installment of " american idol , " perhaps we could allow , not scorn , farnsworth 's legitimate and undeniably flawed film .
what is more , perhaps we could welcome , not berate , his energetic and sometimes blessedly idiosyncratic imagination .
this movie is awful !
i do n't even know where to begin , i 'm speechless
i ca n't even describe how awful this is .
the blood is flourescent first of all , and the acting is awful !
the only good part was the biker chick that saves the day .
this movie was rediculous , i do n't see how it could even get a vote of 1 its so bad .
it looks like it was made by highschool students .
the film starts to slowly when we got to the cinema we thought it looked quite good
but after about 5 mins we were all bored out of our minds and wondering what kind of film we had come to see
, i do n't like this film and would n't recommend it to anyone , the best part of the night was when the alarm and lights came back on because the project broke down because we thought we could all go home .
this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen we were all bored out of or minds and most of the people in the cinema actually ran out of the doors at the end because it was so rubbish .
i am surprised that no one walked out earlier than that .
if you go and see it make sure you something to keep you busy , better still do n't go and see it at all .
i 'm being generous giving this movie 2 stars .
the line about " have you even seen the wizard of oz " was the best part for me !
with terrible writing and acting like displayed in this movie it 's no wonder
so many are taken in by worthless tv reality shows .
do yourself a favor and get out of the house and hit a royals baseball game , your gon na be glad ya did !
there are really two sections of this film .
firstly there 's the laughable prologue to the film which is so hysterical and cornball that it would almost feel appropriate that the ' the simpsons ' troy mcclure should be doing the narration .
then the rest of the film begins ( starting off with a title song which really does n't fit in with the rest of the film )
which , while technically ok , is killed by a vague , inconsistent and unconvincing plot and
not just uninteresting characters , but characters that make no sense .
this is especially so with mickey rooney 's spiventa , who was supposedly in on the plot and part of the ' organisation ' the whole time yet
what would have happened had hackman made the seemingly arbitrary decision to take him along when breaking out ?
in that case he would 've been a totally superfluous and unnecessary character , which in the end he still is .
the overall problem of the film is that it 's totally unwilling to put any detail on who or what is behind this conspiracy .
it 's as if the filmmakers did n't have the courage to imply that a particular section of society would be capable of creating such an organisation and instead settled on the hope that a lack of explanation would suffice and the audience would form their own conclusions .
put simply , the film fails on all levels .
this is actually an insult to the victims and their families of the btk killer .
the events in this movie are not even close to the truth .
why they could n't make a movie of the real events does n't make any sense since the real events are more interesting
then this made up farce .
do n't even waste your time watching this for free .
low budget and a shameful depiction of the events which should not be made a joke of , which is really what this movie did .
if they would allow me to give a -10 to this movie i would .
the acting sucked and it looks like it was shot on an old vhs video camera from the 80s .
save your time and money by not watching this movie .
seeing as i hate reading long essays hoping to find a point and being disappointed , i will first tell everyone that this movie was terrible .
downright terrible .
and not , surprisingly for the reasons mentioned in the first review .
i thought i might agree with him , seeing as he gave the movie the rank it deserved , but was sorrowfully rebuked upon reading what he said .
i am quite ashamed to be taking the same side as someone who commented that the movie " definitely lacks good - looking females .
let me be the first to say , " wow !
that was definitely some serious in - depth reviewing there .
my mind can hardly comprehend the philosophical musings about this movie . "
seriously though , a lack of " good - looking females " should n't be considered an essential to a movie .
if you 're desperate enough for " good - looking females " you should really watch other types of movies , not necessarily falling into the sci - fi category .
i have to say that this was the worst film of priyadarshan(releasing alongside much better kyonki which was also his directorial venture ) , it contains no specific storyline and just focuses on body showing by debuting actresses and some silly comedy sequences .
i think priyadarshan is becoming too much repetitive in his comedy flicks just like govinda and david dhavan had done in the past after giving some good entertainers they also went on to loose their audiences .
so it will be good for him to concentrate more on script and try some variations in his direction .
give us more of herapheri 's and malamal weekly 's rather than giving duds like garam masala !
the filming crew did not have good access to the occupied territories , so filming of the israeli side dominated .
i was struck by the nearly completely opposite points of view of the mothers .
the israeli mother lost a child who had the possibility of a life of tremendous happiness .
the palestinian mother lost a child who had only the possibility of a life of privation and despair .
with such completely different viewpoints , any meeting had no real chance of any meeting of the minds .
the word " peace " did not have the same meaning to each of them .
peace to the palestinian was freedom .
peace to the israeli was security .
with such an abyss , is this sort of film really worth much ?
i finished with the feeling that i had watched pointless propaganda -- both sides were unconvincing .
i wanted to like this movie .
but it falls apart in the middle .
the whole premise is a good one and ties up nicely , but the middle runs off tangent .
the people i watched with were getting annoyed while it ran off course , and hoping it would end sooner than it did .
another person actually fell asleep during the middle segment !
i found myself day dreaming elsewhere during the schtick parts that had nothing to do with the plot .
i bought it for the eye candy and it delivered that well , but it lacks pixar 's writing and soul .
i think kids 8 and under will enjoy the ride at face vaule , while missing the plot .
people old enough to follow a plot will find it wonders too far to return quickly and easily .
edit out most of the middle section , make it 50 minutes and it would be a solid flick .
i wish i had better things to say .
but i do n't
what a huge pile of dung .
shot - on - video ( really crappy camcorder , not digital ) pile of garbage .
it is without a doubt , the stupidest thing ever made .
the fact that this crap was actually released is completely asanine .
everyone who sees it will become stupider for having watched it .
seriously .
i felt like it killed several brain cells after i watched this garbage .
the positive reviews of this a$$crap were obviously made by the " filmmaker " ( and i use the term very loosely ) himself and/or his family and friends because no normal person with the intelligence of a squirrel would honestly like this waste of life .
trust me , stay the hell away from this video .
you 'll thank me for it .
avoid it like herpes .
i have to say as being a fan of the man who created halloween / the fog / christine / the thing - probably his best films .
then you got this pos .
i ca n't logically think he put any effort at all into this like he did with cigarette burns .
at least his son made a decent soundtrack .
you have to look at this from the standpoint that it did n't seem like a movie .
it looked as if someone else directed it for one thing .
i wo n't believe carpenter put any effort into this at all .
i was just listening to his old school h2 / h3 /
the fog soundtrack
and it was awesome , especially for the times .
he was using a style that no one had and it worked so well for his films .
it used to be my thinking that movies required plots , or some other means of making you care at all about the story line or anything that is going on .
this movie has showed me that you do n't actually have to have anything like that .
i could sum it up simply as that .
but , imdb wants me to have more lines .
it was kind of pretty .
not compelling in the slightest .
the way the characters talk in the movie makes you think it should have taken place over a matter of days , but there is no passage of time
and i 'm pretty sure it all happens in an hour .
if you are looking to entertain yourself , then buy a gallon of milk and see how fast you can drink it before throwing up .
it would be a far better use of your time .
time that you will never get back .
jurassic park 3 was pulled off better than this movie .
i like a lot of the actors / actresses involved in this project so being insulted by the movie felt even worse than if they used a unknowns .the
main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .in
20 or 30 years nbc will probably do a movie just like this about the early 90 's .
i can see it now a black family where the kids are involved with the la riot 's and the white family has the kids rebel and listen to grunge rock music .the soundtrack will feature bands like nirvana , n.w.a , public enemy , soundgarden etc .the movie like this will be just as cheesy as the 60 's and
i gurantee you
nbc will do it .see
the biggest problem with period pieces when done buy networks is that when you are living in a certain time period you are n't thinking i am living in the 60 's or
whatever decade is trendy retro at the time .next
time someone does something like this they should put more weight into there project
no , just kidding .
it was god - awful .
i was watching my local sci - fi station last night , which plays movies , every night , within a monthly theme .
this month it 's " space turkeys , or
: how i learned to stop worrying and love the bombs " .
movies so bad , they should never have been made .
this was a good selection .
everything about this movie is thoroughly horrible with two exceptions , the gore make - up ( which showed potential ) and the editing ( which slightly out did the rest of the movie , in terms of being horrible ) .
the acting is horrible all around , the dialog is horrible , the script , the direction .
it 's not a good movie .
it consists of two forms of special effects , gore and stock footage of space .
i 'll focus on the gore .
watching this movie , i thought to myself , " what was the motivation behind the making of this movie ? "
people like making stuff , sure , but i was hesitant to think anything good could have come of it for anyone involved .
i came to the conclusion that this movie was made as a means to increase the make - up effects guy 's demo reel .
he ( rick baker ) actually went on to a pretty nice career
, he 's worked on star wars ( 1977 ) , king kong ( 1976 ) , men in black ( 1996 ) , and even the incredible shrinking woman ( 1981 ) , plus a number of other notable flicks .
other than that , i ca n't say i 've ever actually seen a real , live melting man - incredible , or otherwise -
but i 'd have to say this seemed to be a fair representation of one .
now , when i think of bad editing , i usually think of maybe a scene where someone 's talking on the phone and then , in the middle of the scene , the phone jumps down to his shoulder , or something to that effect .
this movie really serves to highlighted the fact that bad editing can take many forms .
specifically , over - long and utterly useless scenes .
just about every scene dragged on longer than it should have , from a little bit of dead air to that crazy - long screaming scene with cleaver girl .
and that severed head in the river , the head gets thrown into a river ( in slow motion ) , the movie carries on for a couple minutes , and then we cut back to the floating head and watch it fall down a waterfall .
while i 'm sure they were all very proud of their severed head , what the hell??lastly , i 'll mention the running fat lady / slow motion scene right near the beginning .
the jerky slow motion tells me that they did n't shoot the scene in slow motion originally but later decided that it " was n't working like that " and then slowed it down .
oy vey .
in any event , if you should ever see another movie in which a hysterical fat woman runs down a hall and then directly through a closed , glass door - all in slow motion , mind you - remember the incredible melting man , for * this
* is where it all started .
movies like this are best viewed at home with a bunch of friends .
this one 's a little slow most of the time
but that 's just all the more time to come up with your own one - liners .
it 's not the worst of the worst
but it 's pretty freaking bad .
when i finally had the opportunity to watch zombie 3(zombie
flesheaters 2 in europe)on an import region 2 japanese dvd , i was blown away by just how entertaining this zombie epic is .
the transfer is just about immaculate , as good as it 's ever going to look unless anchor bay gets a hold of it .
the gore truly stands out like it should
and you can really appreciate the excellent makeup and gore fx .
the sound is also terrific .
it 's only 2 channel dolby
but if you have a receiver with dolby prologic 2,you can really appreciate the cheesy
music(actually a very good
score),and
the effective although cheap sound effects .
it never sounded so good , and the excellent transfer adds to the overall enjoyment .
i never realized just how much blood flows in this film , it 's extremely brutal with exploding head shots , exploding puss filled mega pimples , a cleaver to a zombies throat , a woman 's burned off extremities(how
come it
did'nt burn the guy also),intestinal munching , zombie babies and so much more
i lost track .
this is no doubt for hardcore zombie action fans , especially of the italian kind .
there is some excellent set pieces and cinematography to be found , i think people do n't give it enough credit , if you see a clean print , and not some horrendous pirate copy , it 's a whole other experience entirely .
this film never lets up for a second , and i realize it 's inconsistent plotwise , the dubbing is horrible , the acting is stiff , and it 's sense of irreverence is celebrated in grand fashion , but that 's part of it 's charm .
to me this is one of the best horror films ever made , you ca n't make a film this bad , so good , on purpose .
it 's accidental genius of the highest order .
if they played it for laughs it would have been a disaster , but they played it straight as an arrow and the result is a terrific cult classic that thumbs
it 's nose at any and all traditional moviemaking standards .
tons of action sequences , exotic locales , excellent set design , good , sometimes great cinematography , wonderfully cheesy acting , and inconsistent but still interesting plot , great makeup effects , beautiful women who can kick butt , excellent music , and sometimes hilarious , sometimes creepy , but always entertaining zombies .
how can you go wrong with this film , it has it all , a cult classic that stands the test of time .
when i got this movie free from my job , along with three other similar movies .. i watched then with very low expectations .
now this movie is n't bad per se .
you get what you pay for .
it is a tale of love , betrayal , lies , sex , scandal , everything you want in a movie .
definitely not a hollywood blockbuster , but for cheap thrills it is not that bad .
i would probably never watch this movie again .
in a nutshell this is the kind of movie that you would see either very late at night on a local television station that is just wanting to take up some time , or you would see it on a sunday afternoon on a local television station that is trying to take up some time .
despite the bad acting , cliché lines , and sub par camera work .
i did n't have the desire to turn off the movie and pretend like it never popped into my dvd player .
the story has been done many times in many movies .
this one is no different , no better , no worse .
just your average movie .
this movie has one redeeming feature .
at one point , after a character is attacked by an ax - wielding fairy , his brother asks him , " why is your dick over there , chuck ? "
after suffering through almost an hour of bad film , this almost made my drink come out my nose .
some of the acting is n't too bad , but the kids all stink and p. j. soles should be ashamed of herself for doing this film .
the story is weak and nobody does what you think ( or what common sense dictates ) they should .
of course , there are a lot of story points that do n't add up .
for example , in one scene the ghosts of young children must concentrate hard to move a physical object so they can prove they exist , a difficult feat since they apparently ca n't interact with physical matter .
however , minutes later they all pick up branches off the ground and beat the tooth fairy with them .
apparently they can sometimes move matter and sometimes they can't. go figure .
lots of blood and guts , though ...
a few nice boobs .
but this does n't make up for the deficiencies .
if you want a movie about the tooth fairy , go rent " darkness falls " .
i think it 's great , though a lot of other reviewers do n't share my opinion .
at least it sets a mood .
it 's amazing that this movie turns out to be in one of my hitlists after all .
it is by far the number 1 worst movie i have ever seen .
not only have i ever been this bored before ( luckily not for more then 1,5 hours ) , the pre - adolescent attempts at humor that feature it are not even close to getting but one of the corners of my mouth slightly tilted .
after the first very awkward part , you tend to hope that the other parts will be at least slightly better .
you hope in vain , it only goes downhill from there .
the movie has no story worth telling whatsoever and repeats this non - story three times .
one can only hope that by some miracle all remaining copies of this movie are lost forever and trent harris never lays his hands on a camera again ...
anyone that has see tammuz 's child eaters knows that this is a director that can do better .
let 's hope it was not a case of too many hands in the pot
( telefilm
anyone?)and that is was a case of second feature jitters .
the characters are one dimensional and over used .
the scenery is terrific however and showcases the pacific northwest beautifully .
the cinematography is great .
shot almost entirely outside , the images are crisp and beautiful .
you can almost smell the wind blowing through the leaves .
technically this movie is as sound as they come - it just lacks a heart .
how wonderful .
yet another movie about america by someone who has visited here probably a half dozen times , a day a piece , and believes himself to be an " expert " on the country .
sheesh .
i should take a trip to germany for a week and then come back and make a movie about germany as the " land of nazis " or some such .
wim il boy , you should get together with lars von trier and make the ultimate movie about the americans .
of course we all know it takes a pretentious left - leaning
" we are the world " european to make a " real " movie about america .
yeah , right .
for a continent that started not one but two world wars , europe sure has a lot of opinions about america 's wrong " foreign policy" .
p.s. do n't worry , wim il boy , there 's plenty of uc - berkeley americans that 'll just love your movie .
of course , these are the same people who thinks george w. bush is worst than hitler , and that a painting of a can of soup is " sheer genius " ! !
come on tina fey you can do better then this .
as soon as the movie started i knew how it would end .
sure it was funny at times .
even laugh out loud funny .
but there is n't enough laughs to save this movie .
i do n't recommend buying this .
at the most i recommend renting it
but that s all .
baby mama has some funny scenes but is predictable and fails to have the heartwarming ending it strives for .
tina fey and amy poalher made a good team .
mean girls is one of my favorite movies .
tina fey and amy poalher both did great in that
and they do good in this .
but this is n't there best .
baby mama had a great supporting cast .
dane cook , sigourney weaver and steve martin add to the casts greatness .
another pregnancy movie has hit the cinema world .
after the great knocked up and juno , baby mama looks very average when compared .
knocked up and juno are hilarious , heartwarming and have endings that leave you with a smile on your face .
baby mama 's ending was unfunny and dull .
baby mama was n't the best comedy of the year
and it does n't try to be .
i recommend it but do n't expect it to be totally hilarious .
expect a average comedy that does n't give the big emotional ending it tries to have .
i give baby mama ..... 4/10
when i heard the plot for this movie i simply had to see it , i mean whole cities being wiped out by killer tomatoes !
sadly the title is about as funny as it gets .
led by detective dick mason , a special team of military and scientists ( including greg colburn who never takes his scuba outfit off and lt . finletter who is never pictured without his parachute trailing behind ) '
attack of the killer tomatoes ' is a parody of b - movies , in particular japanese horror of the 1950 's .
the film begins with a standard sized tomato being discovered by a women washing up in her kitchen before we find ourselves in a middle of a crime scene as the tomato has supposedly murdered this lady , and let me tell you it does n't get any saner as the film progresses !
to be fair there are a couple of funny moments , for instance anytime the japanese scientist dr nokitofa speaks his voice is dubbed over in an american accent , or when disguise expert sam smith infiltrates the tomatoes ' hey , can somebody please pass the ketchup ? ' .
equally this film was probably a lot funnier in 1978 with the whole so bad its good concept .
unfortunately for ' attack of the killer tomatoes ' spoof films such as the ' airplane ' and ' naked gun ' series have been released and done this kind of comedy a lot better since .
the acting is atrocious ; there is zero continuity in the editing
and it just feels genuinely slow and lacking energy .
for a parody film to work you need a lot of things happening at once , one gag after the over .
the singing in the film seems pointless and the adverts for the furniture store that flash across the screen are damn right bizarre , even for this film .
ultimately , however , you can see why this film is a cult one ; i ca n't see many people being indifferent to it .
unfortunately terrible would be the way i would sum this up .
i got this movie because i worked at a movie store
so i got free rentals .
it came in , and the cover made it look alright .
hot chick , carrying a weapon , alright , i 'll check it out .
oh man , bad move .
this was so horrible , i spent half the movie watching in fast - forward to get to the nudity , which was minimal .
i think maybe three scenes of partial nudity .
cheesy dialogue , crappy violence , poor excuses of characters .
i feel bad putting this movie down , because i know it was made on a cheap budget , but so was " clerks " and it became a cult classic and a franchise.2/10 .
if you are studying welles and want to see just how far he fell after citizen kane , this film will prove it .
the cheap excuse of making the protagonist a self - admitted dummy to explain how he might fall into such a half - baked scheme fails to explain the absurd courtroom theatrics and ridiculous plot twists that eventually ensue .
do n't be taken in by the high rating of this film in the db as i was ; all i can guess is that there are a lot of die hard old welles and hayworth fans out there .
after having red the overwhelming reviews this film got in my country , i but wanted to see it .
but - what a disappointment !
to see a bunch of one - dimensional characters in a plot that lacks of originality is not worth the money and the time to spend .
i sometimes wonder about the filmcritics in switzerland .
a friend once asked me to read a screenplay of his that had been optioned by a movie studio .
to say it was one of the most inept and insipid scripts i 'd ever read would be a bold understatement .
yet i never told him this .
because in a world where films like " while she was out " can be green - lighted and attract an oscar- winning star like kim basinger , a screenplay lacking in character , content and common sense is no guarantee that it wo n't sell .
as so many other reviewers have pointed out , " while she was out " is a dreadfully under - written woman - in - peril film that has abused housewife basinger hunted by four unlikely hoods on christmas eve .
every gripe is legitimate , from the weak dialog and bad acting to the jaw - dropping lapses of logic , but basinger is such an interesting actress and the premise is not without promise .
here are a couple of things that struck me:1 )
i do n't care how much we are supposed to think her husband is a jerk , the house is a mess with toys .
since when did it become child abuse to make kids pick up after themselves?2 )
racially diverse gangs are rare everywhere except hollywood , where they are usually the only racially balanced groups on screen.3 )
sure the film is stupid .
but so are the countless " thrillers " i 've sat through where the women are portrayed as wailing , helpless victims of male sadism .
stupid or not , i found it refreshing to see a woman getting the best of her tormentors.4 ) i loved the ending !
though an earlier reviewer coined this phrase , i really do think this film should be retitled " the red toolbox of doom . "
and maybe , as fred sandford used to say , " one across the lips " .
that to those who released this film on an unsuspecting public .
and perhaps to the person in " rue morgue " who called this a " fender hellbender "
and said it was good .
five young girls , apparently taking a short - cut home from a high school football game , become lost and stop to ask directions at some small store in the middle of nowhere .
while there the driver accidentally hits a parked suv & knocks out a headlight , but the girls all decide to just leave & not go find the driver .
but the driver does come to find them , and it 's not just that the headlight on her vehicle got dinged , it 's for another reason that the girls do not yet understand .
when the driver does first catch them
she ( yes , it 's a she )
brandishes a shot gun & makes them strip down , and keeps screaming at them , " how much did you see ? " .
of course the girls are scared to death & do n't know what she 's talking about .
as the night rolls on the girls end up in a cat and mouse game with the driver of the suv , who manages to inflict all manner of injuries on the girls , who are remarkably resilient to shot gun blasts and screwdrivers where they did n't want them .
eventually they come to find that something happened back at that store after they left that is the reason for this woman 's psychotic rage .
and eventually they have a chance at revenge and take it about as far as they can go .
there are elements of this film that are rather disturbing and scary , but unfortunately , those moments are undermined by bad acting , bad dialog , and huge lapses of credibility .
one girl is hit by a shot gun blast and appears to be mortally wounded , and she 's feeling cold , her life is passing before her eyes , but she got better ?
and how far can a mini - van run on an almost empty gas tank at speeds of 80 miles per hour ?
i need one of those things , it apparently gets great mileage .
there should have been an ending when the girls got their revenge , but the film goes on for a bit after that , which is an anti - climax , but they at least learn some of what set the woman off , and the driver is still worried about " messing up her mom 's van " , which is obviously the least of anyone 's worries .
so this is n't the worst film i 've seen , but it 's too amateur to be good and yet a bit too scary and gruesome at times to be completely terrible .
but it does take the cake for plenty of shrill hysterics and you 'll want to put two across your ears if you watch this .
which , by the way , i do n't necessarily recommend .
4 out of 10 .
i like bad movies .
i like to rent bad movies with my friends and rip on them for their duration .
then there are abhorrent movies like this .
redline is not just a bad movie , but a telling sign that maybe the american movie industry should please , for the sake of the viewer , at least proofread scripts before funding a movie .
if a stereotype took a crap , this movie would spawn from that .
the storyline is unbearable , and the acting all around is laughable .
nadia bjorlin and eddie griffin have , perhaps , the worst screen chemistry i 've seen in a good while , and even individually they should be isolated from humanity and beaten with a bag of oranges until they change their profession to street merchants ( about the only thing they can legitimately qualify for ) .
furthermore , how angus macfadyen got convinced to do this movie is so far beyond me that i ca n't even think of an analogy .
i am a loyal fan of his , but this has made me question him .
to sum it up .
several people want revenge for different reasons ( and if you care enough to know what they are , you 're a bigger person than me ) , so much so that it turns to violence ( i guess ) .
the movie is like ouroboros , the snake that swallows its own tail , in that it 's an endless cycle of confusion and dialogue not fit for human ears .
this movie is essentially one big car commercial for the first half , and an indecipherable action movie for the rest , it should be avoided at any and all costs .
i wish i could find one positive aspect to this movie , and i think it lies in the fact that eventually the credits do roll .
p.s. nadia bjorlin , if that was you singing those two songs in this movie , then you are a hack , and i hope old age ravages you .
p.s.s.
if you do rent this movie looking for a laughable experience , listen for the lyrics to nadia bjorlin 's awesome songs .
i grew up baptist
and i know the story this movie is trying to tell , although i no longer believe the story .
i 'll give the movie kudos for being as good as the average lifetime movie of the week .
mildly interesting , mediocre acting , a bit slow , the script is predictable , the music is sappy , and it is a bit melodramatic .
and all the people left behind have got to be the squeakiest clean non - christians , ever .
not a single curse word from any of them .
but i laughed out loud when the actor playing the man who runs the united nations pronounced " nuclear " as " nu - cu - ler , " just like bush .
is there some christian code of honor that mandates that since bush claims he , too , is called by god , that all christians must cover up his ignorance by mispronouncing that word the same way he does ?
i really had a difficult time taking the movie seriously at all after that .
after the " nu - cu - ler " incident , the movie began to feel like packaged , manipulative propaganda .
i was looking for something bold .
actually , i was looking for something that might make me think , but i did n't find it here .
if you 're looking for mindless entertainment , stop here
- it 's good for killing a rainy afternoon .
but if you 're looking for intelligence , look elsewhere .
of course , " flatley " is already not exactly the ideal name for a dancer , but i think michael is really pushing the irony envelope with this new title : " feet of flames " one really ca n't resist recommending desenex foot spray to the retiring ( and clearly , ailing )
flatley .
i might add that , much like that cheering london crowd ( per review below ) , i too am enthusiastic about this being his last live performance .
"hinting
that it may be his last live performance , flatley is cheered on by an enthusiastic london crowd . "
~ perry seibert , all movie guide
this film is a very funny film .
the violence is bad , the acting is ...
well dani , stick to singing or screaming or whatever
the hell it is you usually do .
the random chicks wearing hardly anything is just to catch sexually - frustrated goth lads in .
personally , i think this movie really does suck .
the story and characters could be very good , if say the directing , the actors and other little nibby things were made better .
but the film is just bad , the only reason why people like this piece of crap is because it has danni in it .
this film is possibly the worst b - rate film ever .
and , believe me that 's hard to achieve , especially when you 're competing with def by temptation and over crappy excuses for " serious " horror movies .
i 'm not a cof fan , and so i just see this as another rubbish movie ...
a really bad one .
if dani made this as a comedy then , good going him .
very well done .
over than that though , i rate it low , for it 's crappiness .
watch it
when you 're in a happy , happy , joy , joy mode so you can laugh at everything or if you 're high on multiple different types of drugs .
what a long , drawn - out , pointless movie .
i 'm sure that historically this film is delightful
but as entertainment goes it just does n't make the grade .
ralph fiennes has been in some fantastic movies , the english patient , schindler 's list , but this one was such a let - down .
it did n't seem to be going anywhere , his character at the beginning was so shallow and uptight
it amazes me that his " sister " would ever have been interested at all .
do n't bother paying to rent this movie , buy yourself a copy of the english patient instead .
this movie is just plain terrible ! ! ! !
slow acting , slow at getting to the point and wooden characters that just should n't have been on there .
the best part was the showing of iron maiden singing in some video at a theater and that s it .
the ending was worth watching and waiting up for but that was it ! !
the characters in this movie put me to sleep almost .
avoid it ! ! !
this show proved to be a waste of 30 minutes of precious dvr hard drive space .
i did n't expect much
and i actually received less .
not only do i expect this show to be canceled by the second episode
, i can not believe that geico will ever attempt to use the cavemen ad campaign ever again .
i would have preferred spending a night checking my daughter 's hair for head lice than watching this piece of refuse .
i wonder what abc passed on to make this show fit into the ' 07 fall schedual , perhaps a hospital / crime / mocumentary reality show featuring the aflac duck ?
in the event that i failed to express my opinion about this show let me be clear and say that it is not too good .
if derivative and predictable rape - revenge thrillers are your thing , then you 're in for a rare treat ...
they do n't really appeal to me , so i could n't find any single thing to redeem this peculiar tale .
it seems like something straight out of the 1980s , a different age when this would have gone straight to video .
gillian anderson and danny dyer do ok work with a weak script and a tedious scenario .
but what is gillian anderson doing getting involved with a film like this after the brilliance of her performance as lady deadlock in the bbc tv adaptation of bleak house last year ?
the director is said to have been influenced by witnessing a near - rape and by his work on documentaries , but even that 's not an excuse for the bizarre scene where a pack of rural hounds beat up dyer .
i do n't think i was the only person in the cinema laughing .
what i ca n't understand is the involvement of the companies behind this film - filmfour and verve pictures .
both have been involved in some great independent british films in recent years .
verve distributed bullet boy , code 46 and red road - straightheads does n't deserve to be mentioned in the same breath .
filmfour and verve take note : is this really the best you can do ?
what are independent british filmmakers going to make of your artistic judgement ?
it 's a big blot on both of your reputations .
listen carefully : can you hear the thousands of fans of independent british films crying in despair ?
the movie is bad .
nothing special - just a " kid " movie with no serious thing in it .
there is though one reason to watch this for : the animal talk .
some of them are so funny in what they say
, you just ca n't stop laughing .
so if you want to hear a dog in the dog pound saying " i 'm keyser soze " , or
another animal saying " you 're a dead cat walking " , or many other funny one liners , see it .
cause there 's no other good movie to watch it .
vote : 4 out of 10 .
if mr cranky had rated this , i 'd be tempted just to copy his review and paste it here .
but as he has n't , i 'll have to give it a go myself .
the only thing giving this movie a 1 instead of a 0 is that malcolm mcdowall 's acting is excellent .
however not even he can save this film from disaster .
the director must have been really distracted when he worked on this one because it is just a conglomeration of scenes that were thrown together with very little continuity - reminiscent of bad ' 70 's movies .
even worse , both the actors and director appeared to be making it up as they went along which probably showed how bad the original script was .
it 's not even worth discussing the story line although it revolves around a futuristic corporation called the proxate corporation who put together a crew of dispensable people to carry a dangerous cargo on an old container / slave ship to nigeria .
this ship 's computer is a baby kept in a glass jar and wired into one of the crew via usb 12 or something .
the company should have been called the prostate corporation as the entertainment value of this movie is on a par with an examination of the same name .
i honestly ca n't find one scene that i could say was well made and made any real sense in the context of the movie .
i only watched it to the end as i had a touch of the bird flu and this movie reminded me that there were people out there who were actually worse off than me - malcolm mcdowall in particular .
i wo n't hold this against him as he 's a great actor and every great actor is entitled to one bad movie in their career and this one is a doosie .
so , unless this is the only movie your shop hires out or you 're male
and you 're doctor
is n't doing prostate examinations this week
and you somehow feel this is a bad thing then give this one a really wide berth unless of course if you 're really community minded , buy a copy to support malcolm and then use it as a drink coaster .
i agree with most of the other guys .
a waste of photons and valuable time .
nearly no joke is worth the paper is was written on .
the only highlight from my pov is olli dittrich as pinocchio .
( " egal , ich muss eh waldsterben " )
this reminds of old times with rtl samstag nacht .
it is hard to describe the performances of the actors , since most of them do n't even seem to have a good time during production and just " do their thing " .
camera is ok
, plot is laughable , i think you would be ashamed even if you discuss this with lots of beers .
apart from this i yawned all the time , wondered about how a script like this could even be considered for production and waited for the end .
my 9 year old son was pleased , but then he is pleased by so little at this age : -)anyway
, a 1 point rating here nearly is 1 point too much ...
what a bad , bad movie !
i tried watching without fast forwarding ...
that failed .
after about 30 minutes i stopped the movie , went on - line to see how many minutes this disaster was .
( only 84 minutes , whew ! )
it was a confusing , boring movie .
i do n't think anyone can get knocked down by getting hit with a fluorescent bulb much less gutted by one ! !
the one funny thing is that i watched " the killer cut " version of the movie .
the box boldly states " more blood ! "
" more sex ! "
" more terror than the theatrical release ! "
yikes !
if this movie was horrible with all those claims
i wonder just how lame the " un - killer cut " was ? ? ?
if you want to see a great movie about the world of the living & the world of the dead watch any of the night of the living dead series ! !
( spoilers)i shoulda figured .
the dvd did n't even show the time or how long it was .
i thought wild cardz was the worst anime movie i 'd ever seen .
this one is much worse .
makes no sense .
thrown together plot .
all so we can see oversized breasts on a figure that does n't support them .
it had to of been a student film .
that musta gotten a c grade2/10quality : 1/10 entertainment : 6/10 ( until i found out it was n't going to end . )
the ending made no darn sensereplayable : 0/10
this film tries to be immensely clever , and tarantino - like before you try that though , you need solid filmic fundamentals .
these include good sound , editing , set design etc ...
lets talk about the sound in this movie .
absolutely atrocious .
i have never been more distracted by a sound track , everand before we talk about low budget , film made in chile etc ..
lets bear in mind that desent sound these days is far more achievable than it ever has been .
anywhere .
and more info on technique is available then ever beforethe sound in this movie is plain bad .
the foley in particular is out of place and inappropriate throughout , the atmos is equally terrible .
i heard at least four loud clicks during the movie , which are the result of poor sound editing .
the sound inside cars is awful , the sound of car doors closing is awful .
the sound of the lady singing is wrong .
foley is either overboard , or simply not there like the sound person just got bored and gave up .
the spaces are wrong .
everything about it is wrong and yet , not letting limitations of creativity get in the way , at the same time the movie tries boldly to be clever .
for example the sound of the aquarium is used in the following street scene .
we hear sound when we 're not supposed to .
sound edits precede visual cuts .
every trick in the book is used , and yet the foundations are just not thereediting - wise we have scenes using heavy jump cuts , we have tinkering around with the time line etc etc etc , yawn .
all of these techniques are imitated to a splendidly low standard overall
the mix is crap , the sound is crap .
and so , the film is crap .
how can a movie with so many fundamental flaws be considered for awards and high praise ?
chile 's cinematic new wave ?
the best creative output that chile has to offer ?
i hope not , and i think not.my
theory is that chile 's more selective and better talent avoided this film like the plague maybe due to its risqué content .
equally , the film has likely received so much unwarranted critical acclaim from so called ' world - cinema ' enthusiasts for the same grubby reasons .
they likely revel in
it 's trashiness .
of course film critics rarely pay attention to technical details and quality
this film is rubbish .
it 's all mouth and no trousers and is never deserving of a 6.8 rating .
the film has all the production quality of a cheap tarantino , new wave inspired porno !
spoilers throughout :
the gettaway is mostly an action movie .
and what action there is to ! !
shootouts , chases , dumpsters and much much more .
it stars kim bassenger and alec baldwin as the mc coy's .
this is a remake and i have not seen the original but really did n't care for this one at all although bassenger and baldwin have some nice screen chemistry .
but the movie itself did n't do it for me .
the gettaway became really tiresome really quickly .
the plot is overshadowed by one fight / chase after another and as the violence keeps piling up , bassenger and baldwin retain their great looks no matter what perils they maybe in .
in fact , by the end of the movie they almost look better then in the beginning .
i do n't think bassenger 's eye makeup moves once during the whole picture .
this is n't the worst movie i 've ever seen , certainly not , but it is n't very good and unless one is an action movie purist i ca n't see really enjoying this movie because there 's just not a lot here .
the gettaway is n't terribly original either , and goes every way from unnecessarily brutal to rather dull .
it really could have been better i think .
bassenger and baldwin give ok performances but they do n't have a lot to do except get chased and run for their lives .
sometimes less is more , after seeing the same thing over and over again it gets stale .
did n't enjoy this one to much .
my title ought to be enough .
it baffles me that a culture so rich in literary excellence ( dumas , flaubert , balzac , maupassant ) would churn out such tosh as the " nouvelle vague " cinematic movement .
until the 20th century , france had a great tradition of artistic lucidity and clever philosophy .
but the minute you hand them a movie camera they start acting like wooohooo
how weird i can be !
plot ?
theme ?
pshaw !
let 's film an amusement park ride
going round & round !
at least this is not as bad as godard ( who has an unhealthy fascination with the backs of peoples ' heads .
oh - la - la , quel artiste . ) .
no , truffaut maintains a degree of visual clarity .
but so does the security camera at a quickie - mart .
the two are indistinguishable .
haha , just as an aside to all you dweeby film school nerds : i bet the vein is popping out the side of your neck right now .
but do n't leave without reading the last sentence of my review .
anyway , if you like french literature , you will hate this .
people who like this movie probably have never read any books other than the ramblings of jack kerouac or maybe " hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy " .
or maybe they have read the lyrics to the doors songs , and they think that 's profoundly moving .
whatever floats yer boat .
i find it ironic that this film injects some ( weak ) allusions to balzac , one of the finest and most meaningful writers who ever lived .
nice try , truffles .
but you 're nowhere near the ballpark .
avoid this film like an aids - infected syringe .
if you 're the type of person who likes to think , then stick to jean cocteau ( orphee ) , robert bresson ( pickpocket ) and the japanese masters kurosawa ( ikuru ) , kobayashi ( kaidan ) and teshigahara (
suna no onna).if
you 're an idiot , enjoy your truffaut , godard , and andy worhol .
and for pete 's sake push that vein back in your neck .
you look like a cabbage .
do n't waste your time on this film .
it could have been good , but the ending was one of the lamest i 've ever seen .
i seriously have to wonder how the people involved with the making of this film could 've looked at that final scene and thought , "
yeah !
now there 's an ending ! " and patted themselves on the back about it .
to me it seemed more like they just ran out of ideas !
they built up the final scenes to have a cool twist , but instead just let the whole build - up fall flat on
it 's face .
when the last shot faded to black
and i heard the credit music starting
i was in shock - i could not believe what i was seeing and that someone could even call that an ending .
the best thing anyone could do with this film is rewrite the end and give it some substance .
seriously , i 'd really love to get whoever came up with that one in a room , look them in the face and say - wtf ? ? ! ! ! !
this film , once sensational for its forward - thinking politics and depictions of free love and sexual liberation , has been reduced by time to a mere curiosity .
it seems absurd now that this mostly boring little film had been banned and seized by governments in many countries .
given how socialistic sweden eventually became , the ' radicalism ' of its politics , once controversial , appear naive and almost mainstream four decades later .
and its sex scenes , at one time the subject of sensational obscenity trials , look pretty tame in a modern context .
nevertheless , the film and accompanying documentaries detailing its many controversies and influences remains marginally watchable as an early reliquary of 60 's youth rebellion .
one part of the film that still holds up : its self - consciousness with respect to the ' fourth wall ' .
every once in a while , the filmmakers film themselves making the film .
the satiric playfulness of this still elicits a chuckle .
i very much looked forward to this movie .
its a good family movie ; however , if michael landon jr. 's editing team did a better job of editing , the movie would be much better .
too many scenes out of context .
i do hope there is another movie from the series , they 're all very good .
but , if another one is made , i beg them to take better care at editing .
this story was all over the place and did n't seem to have a center .
which is unfortunate because the other movies of the series were great .
i enjoy the story of willie and missy ; they 're both great role models .
plus , the romantic side of the viewers always enjoy a good love story .
protégé runs in a linear fashion ; expect no fast - paced action , and neither will you find yourself with baited breath because there are simply no seating - on - the - edge moments .
there is not much of a crux , so do n't expect one either .
i would not fault the acting - the show would have been much worst if not for wu 's acting which was the film 's only saving grace .
and , oh that cute little girl too .
the humour is at best , weak , and the show must as well pass off as an anti - drug campaign which employs the usual shock - tactic ( esp in the scenes with zhang ) to tell us stuff that we already know - i.e.
drugs break up families , heroin drives you crazy , it is not so easy to wean off , you will fall into a vicious cycle .
i know it may seem all a little harsh , but i feel that the show is far from seamless and somewhat patchy
( * spoiler alert
* : take for example when andy lau got brought to the police station :
what ?
we were just told ' oh we have all the tapes and evidence against you since 1997 ' , and that is how he got caught .
nope , no chasing - car action , just a jump - of - scene , which kind of undermined wu 's role as an undercover in the first place . )
i suspect the lack of creativity is attributed to the fact that it is after all , a production of mediacorp raintree - a singaporean production film company .
* many many spoilers in this review
this movie was horrible .
i am a huge baseball fan
so i thought i 'd watch it , and i was very disappointed .
it started out
okay ..
when i saw the bad influence deniro had on his young son , i was hoping that he would become a better father throughout the movie or something .
anyways , at the beginning it seemed as if deniro was supposed to be the protagonist .
he was the only one that believed in bobby , and he had his adorable son that he was losing custody of , which gave me a reason to feel bad for him .
he wanted to help bobby by talking to primo , when out of absolutely nowhere he brutally stabs primo to death ...
not to mention that sketchy reoccurring song "
i want to
* * * * you ! ! ! ! "
at random unfitting moments .
later , when deniro saves bobby 's son from drowning , i was hoping that the movie could redeem itself ..
he could forgive himself for killing primo if he saved bobby 's son .
but of course this is far beyond the depth of the movie , because all he cares about is getting credit for the murder , and does so by stealing bobby 's son , car , and dog and holding them hostage-
bobby just has to hit a home run and announce that deniro is a " true fan " while displaying a picture of him biting a knife .
now we get to the completely unrealistic scene at the end ...
it is pouring like hell and we are expected to believe that the game has n't been called .
then deniro somehow magically appears on the field in an umpire suit and calls bobby out at home , proceeding to pull out his knife and start stabbing everyone that runs onto the field .
there are seemingly no officers on the field ( but the police are on their way ) , so
deniro steps on the mound and prepares to pitch a knife to bobby when he gets shot to death .
but do n't worry , this cheerful and pleasant movie has a happy ending , because bobby find his son .
this is not a sports movie .
it is not about a fan .
as far as i know , fans are not rabid psychopaths that threaten , rob , and throw knives at their admirees .
this is likely to be the sickest movie i will ever see in my life .
the plot was shallow , the soundtrack sucked , the movie had no purpose whatsoever .
i warn you not to waste your time on this disgusting excuse for a film .
if you were to judge based on the movie alone , the committee that gave the stage musical " a chorus line " a pulitzer prize , and broadway audiences that kept the war horse running for 15 years , were all on heavy narcotics , because one singular sensation this film certainly is not.what possessed anyone to think that richard attenborough was the right fit for this material utterly mystifies me , but he makes a musical that is almost entirely about movement just sit on the screen like a lump of clay .
not content with the original score the way it was originally written , someone decided that what the film really needed was a brand new song to give the movie some zip .
thus we are assaulted with the oscar - nominated ( ! ) " surprise , surprise .
well surprise , surprise , the song stinks , and so does the movie .
grade : d
what the hell is this ? "
kooky drama " ? "
lawyers in loony tunes land " ?
the world 's thinnest , most duck - faced actress ( even more duck - faced and anorexic than michelle pfeiffer ) overacts her bony butt off , making cretinous grimaces that would shame bugs bunny , in one of the most animated non - animated tv series ever .
this is also the most annoying one - hour - format tv show ever , hence the worst .
all the men act like pansies , and i for one refuse to believe that even hip big - city shysters are all as delta - male - like as this sorry ( short ) bunch .
wuss peter macnicol manages to be even more irritating than calista flockofducks with his fake hollywood " shshshs " speech impediment : it 's the sort of pseudo - inability to pronounce the letter " s " by turning it into a moronic " sh " that the likes of jon shtewart and christian shlater also practice with zeal .
watching macnicol talk , i always wonder how come his jaw does n't dislocate ...
human facial anatomy was never meant to support the pronouncing of the " sh " sound more than three times per second .
he is a medical wonder .
this badly conceived and written legal - drama / comedy hodgepodge also features some very 90s pc .
it has political correctness written with huge , neon letters .
is there anything more unrealistic than a bunch of lawyers being full of ideals , high principles , and moral fiber ?
laughable , but that 's the way defense lawyers have been portrayed in hollywood since its inception .
after all , what is more noble than defending a murderer , a rapist , or a thief ?
when a tv series as retarded as " ally mcbeak " starts preaching to america about how it should run the country , then it must be time for paris hilton to become president .
ally mcquack " is both a product of recent and large - scale western dumbing - down and a perpetrator of it .
those supposed touches of " eccentricity " , like the unbelievably annoying musical numbers , are unconvincing and embarrassingly unfunny .
this is no monty python .
whatever " new " the talent - free makers of this garbage were aiming for , they failed with honours . "
ally mcbeak " is a highly commercialized tv venture aimed at indiscriminating yuppies , bored housewives , and bipolar lawyers .
it 's yet another dull " objection overruled sustained your honour
may i call the witness " legalistic baloney that the american audiences seem to eat up with relish for some strange reason ...
... mainly because ju - on 2 boasts an outrageous forty minutes ' worth of material literally taken straight out of the first ju - on -
and when you consider that the sequel only runs for 76 minutes , that leaves you with 36 original minutes ' worth of film .
ho - hum .
i found that deeply irritating - as if viewers simply would n't remember the same stuff !
- not to mention dull , having to watch it all over again .
ok , that complaint aside , the byline for ju - on 2 was that it was supposed to explain a lot of the unanswered questions from the first movie , which frankly , over 36 minutes , simply does n't go far enough to making any kind of sense of the original 's highly convoluted storyline .
there are , however , some really nice new horror sequences which show how good the film might have been , had it had some time to develop ; and some of the questions raised by the original - some , but not all - are answered .
so in conclusion - if you loved the first original movie and want to see some further developments on the story , go for it - but just remember to keep your remote control to hand with your finger on the fast - forward button for forty minutes .
wes craven , you are having a laugh ... at our expense .
the red eye plot is preposterous ...
we are confronted by a guy who has apparently spent 8 weeks watching a girl , who then turns up at an airport behind her , flirts and chats her up successfully , somehow wangles a seat next to her in a two seat space , not trapped in the middle of a five seat row
( contacts at check - in ? )
and is cheezily nice during a painfully slooooow build up .
then , once up in the air , in a confined space , surrounded by strangers , he immediately starts threatening the vacuous , if super - efficient , rachel mcadams and saying tosh like ' we got ya daddy , do what i say , or poppa gets it ' .
well , forgive me , but did n't they already have her daddy ready for slaughter - so - you - better - oughta long before she stepped on the plane and
therefore would n't it have been oh , sooooooo much simpler to simply snatch the gal off the street and terrorise her in a room somewhere , forgetting the complicated and insecure dad plot , pulling her nails out or whatever until she made the all important ' call ' required ?
or even - cos this is the movies and we need a few unreal twists - keep the dumb dad - in - distress thing intact if you must , but dress it up better
so that holding him in harms way until the convoluted plot had been concluded made some sense , without the plane dumbdown ?
alternatively , without wanting to sound like an actual thinking terrorist / assassin - could n't the massive bazooka - missile thang employed have been far more easily used on , say , a car driving down the highway , with the politician inside , rather than the 50th story of a miami seafront hotel , from a fishing boat
( mind you , as we already know
, security in miami is lax , so they 'll speed away ) ?
i know , i know , far more fun to go through watching a pretty girl for 8 weeks
, burgle her dads house to steal his wallet ( that somehow - star trek style - gets transported from miami to texas instantly ) in order to - perhaps - get her to arrange for a politician to change hotel room and , and ,
and ...
well , a thousand things could go wrong here , each one entirely destroying the big plan , so why not slim the elements down to a sensible handful , such as - 1 .
bazooka .
2 . car .
boom !
my 50 minute drive home from the cinema was spent highlighting the abundance of flaws and stupid cod - hitchcockian twists , which sadly was the best fun of the whole sorry experience .
and as for security back at miami airport ... we have an apparently crazy and violent girl running off a plane , chased by cops , who during the chase sits down to have a coffee , moves elsewhere to read a magazine at a bar , then runs again like crazy up and down the whole terminal ...
by now also chased by crazed cillian murphy ( no cctv then ?
- i had guns pulled on me for parking in the wrong place for 10 seconds at miami airport a couple of years back ) .
so instead of speaking to the cops - her allies - or getting on the blower at a call - box direct to her dad to warn him his life is in danger , mcadams prefers instead to steal a people carrier off a family in the airport forecourt ( call the damned security ... ) and drives home to daddy , mowing down the assassin with the vehicle in the front garden of the house , in a rich neighbourhood - watch district , crushing the front porch in the process - an act which actually slightly wakes dad up from an afternoon snooze , after about a minute , yet which somehow fails to register with neighbours who are n't even mildly curious , thus ensuring 15 more minutes of hide and seek shenanigans as the duo run around the vast hollodeck type house ...
dohhh , it actually hurts to keep thinking about it all - cillian ( surely renamed silly ' un for doing this one ? )
preposterously turns from ice assassin to comically unhinged ( and inept ) lunatic killer at the end , this theoretically ruthless despatcher of human life now allowing the dad to live so that he can watch his daughter getting her goose cooked .
i 'd better stop , because the stream of drivel
i 'm writing here must sound as uncoordinated as the red eye script .
if ms mcadams had n't been allowed to get on the plane in the first place the title could have been altered , from ' red eye ' to ' no eye , dear ' .
" handsome guys with bad haircuts ! ! "
" beautiful girls without any clues ! ! "
" stupid gangsters
who can not shoot straight ! !
from dragon dynasty comes the hong kong gangster drama , " dragon heat . "
for reasons which will probably forever be completely obscured , the production and casting call for this ' criminals - on - steroids ' movie somehow got both maggie q and michael biehn to sign on as villains .
but they do n't get all that much to do in this horrid slug - fest .
they are two of the best contemporary actors around , each with their own resume ' and list of accomplishments , and biehn in particular has had the courage to take some rather challenging and non - heroic roles .
maggie q was the super - bad " mai " in " live free or die hard , " so 'nuff said .
biehn is , of course , famous for being the soldier - from - the - future who made " the terminator " of 1984 such a believable science - fiction / fantasy romp , by crashing up against big arnold , who is now the governator of california ! !
michael biehn is almost wholly wasted in this terrible train - wreck of a police drama .
there is absolutely no reason for that , as the incredibly convoluted plot -- given mostly in chinese , as it is a hong kong story -- could have been better elaborated for non - chinese audiences with a foreign narrator .
in other words , if biehn had been used as something like an interpol observer or coordinator , or an agent under deep cover , who needs to get some ' splaining given to him every five or ten minutes , that would have been great .
but no , he 's brought in as a part of an odd group of special forces - type bad guys who seem to be freelancing their own corrupt deal , in the middle of somebody else 's totally corrupt deal involving the local king of corrupt deals .
yes , there , i said it all .
confused ?
me too .
welcome to the party , pal . "in
the truly superb hong kong crime drama , known by its english title as " breaking news , " there are also a number of fascinating characters at work , but there is only one story line in the plot .
bad guys vs. good cops .
in this wretched and excessively violent foray into the world of a hong kong triad , or gang , it seems that the hot - shot police force is little more than a parade of ducks in a shooting gallery , the way the criminals mow them down .
so , not surprisingly , there 's an almost otherwise incomprehensible scene ( several scenes , in fact ) , where kids are trying to shoot wooden ducks in an arcade game , to win stuffed animal prizes .
and so the hot shot good - guy police officers quite naturally intervene on their behalf , so that the arcade owner has to give up the kewpie dolls .
there 's also a half - hearted attempt at creating a " love interest " between one of the ' visiting cops ' and the sole female ' visiting cop' .
the visiting cops are supposed to be material witnesses against the triad gangster leader , who gets hijacked on the way to his court appearance , but not by his own team but by the mercenaries ( biehn , maggie q , and some others ) .
these killers all want something
but we do n't get to learn about what it is , until the very end of the film ! !
that was a stupid mistake inside of the overall story .
you can not build suspense in a crime drama without something to obtain , or get , or get away from , being introduced very early in the story .
add to that some " cut - away scenes " done for purely artsy effects , all showing the bad - bad guys ' and the regular bad guys ' recent pasts , and any film buff can readily understand why this barking dog gets a 1 rating from this fan of all things cinematic with criminals and conspirators and hong kong .
i m watching it now on pink ( serbia tv station )
and i must say this is a crap .
shallow , no acting , effects too sloppy
i mean , who made this series?this was a stupid attempt of the studios to make some more money on the success of the film .
the film was great in 1994 when it came out .
but the series?some times you can see how idiotic the lines are in the speech of the characters .
i mean , did they actually pay someone to write that , was that someones relative at the studio ?
this is no scifi .
the film was the bomb , the series suck .
i think that new york is a big fake , i mean her whole guidelines of this show is stupid .
i enjoyed flavor fl av more better , she acts like a slut , and a hoe put together .
her mother is out of this world , i think she is the devils daughter .
i mean what does she think she is doing these men
already have girls
and i believe once you have been with her you will be to ashamed to go back to your girl .
she is nasty , spoiled and a big fat
fake.the show is very interesting to watch , how much money is she getting to do this awful show , and what s up with her mother , i thought her and new york did not get along , but now it seems as though she is just as fake as her crazy daughter.and
where is the so called husband , he is no where to be found , i would not to be with them either .
i read rice 's novel with interest , and became quite enchanted with its characters and heartbreaking tale based on historical truths .
however , i was simply appalled at this disastrous adaptation .
the casting was based merely on physical appearance , and not acting talent ( with the obvious exception of peter gallagher , who was neither blond - haired , or able to act his way out of a wet paper bag ) .
the cast 's embarrassingly clumsy and inconsistent attempts at affecting a french accent was hilarious , but not in an entertaining way .
i found myself wincing through this muddled and melodramatic tripe , and was surprised i made it to the end .
a warning to fans of the novel - stay away from this one .
this film really disappointed me .
the acting is atrocious .
unbelievable .
and it 's about actors .
the story is incredibly obvious : a group of independent actors stage a passion play and , in turn , they start to live out the lives of the characters they play .
i 've been watching a lot of movies lately , thanks to netflix , and this is the first one i have n't watched all the way through in a long time .
i felt i did n't need to see the end ; we all know the end of this story .
for some , it seems , this " modernization " of the gospels is either sacrilegious or enlightening .
i can not speak to any of this as i was n't raised in the christian church .
that being said , i was raised in the us
and i live in an increasingly christian culture .
i 'm curious enough about jesus and about the modernization of the religion , for better or worse .
i have n't seen mel gibson 's version , but i 'm guessing that those who liked that one will like this , except for the most conservative .
i just wish this was a better film .
lots of these reviews praise arcand 's direction and especially the cinematography .
i liked neither .
the film itself is rather prudish and preachy .
i did n't believe the characters ' personae
and i was never involved with their on screen lives .
the play within the play is very much dated and would not , i think , carry it 's own weight in a real time production .
but that 's beside the point .
what i really needed for this to work would have been stronger development of the characters and the plot to support the philosophical and theological questions the film would like to be about .
and the musical choices are obvious and unoriginal .
there were two examples of this that come easily to mind .
firstly , there is a reenactment of the parable of jesus driving the money lenders from the temple : the lead actor , who has fallen for the woman who will play magdalene and who is also a model and dancer , becomes enraged that she must debase herself by auditioning for a commercial ( with a wicked producer and plenty of panting men in the audience ) with her pants off .
he trashes the place and chases them all out .
i guess this is the level that the film wishes to reach .
the romance between these two is entirely arbitrary and not at all emotionally realized and the scene is played out like a high - school rendering of death of a salesman , i.e. , not well .
please stop hitting me over the head with this high - handed " significance .
the other is the relationship between the other female lead and the priest who has asked them to do the play and who , eventually , turns against them and betrays them to the nowadays - corrupt church .
why does she sleep with this guy .
" it brings him so much pleasure and me so little pain . "
ah , the saintly whore and the lovable old coot .
it seems to be just enough for arcand to signify but not worth the trouble to enrich and enliven these characters .
they are going through the motions and i 'm reaching for the eject button .
feel free to write me off as bored , jaded or just not interested .
feel free to watch this movie and see the passion , in all its beauty , sadness and inspiration , delivered as an amateurish and gimmicky charade .
feel free to have all your preconceived ideas affirmed and see any shred of artistic integrity forsaken for monotonous drivel .
but do n't say i did n't warn you .
there is a key aspect of film that jobson seems to have forgotten - it has the ability to tell a story by showing it to you .
you do n't need to tell the audience what to think , because they 'll see it .
the action here is interspersed with some of the most ponderous narration unleashed on the unsuspecting public - the purple prose of the sensitive fifth former .
and it should be unnecessary because their is a fine cast here and some beautifully composed and shot visuals .
maybe jobbo felt that the basic story needed a lit bit of support .
and he may have been right
, it lacks a basic credibility :
70s edinburgh was n't exactly full of beautiful brainy girls with a penchant for the velvet underground and a soft spot for a passing sociopath .
from the too neat and new looking clothes that character wears to the cod intellectualism that tries to link it all together , it 's all too contrived for my taste .
it 's interesting how 90 % of the high - vote reviews are all comprised of " * random username * " from " united states " ( no state pride ? ? )
who all say more or less the exact same thing with the exact same grammatical style and all with the exact same complete lack of taste in movies .
i would delve further into this suspicious trend , but alas , this is a review of the movie , and not the reviews themselves .
let me start by saying that i am both a christian and a true avid movie fan .
this means i have seen a great many movies , from good to bad , and can wholeheartedly claim that facing the giants is , in fact , not a good movie .
it has good intentions , but fails to meet many ( if any ) basic standards that i associate with a quality filmgoing experience .
the acting : mostly terrible , palatable at best .
hearing that most were apparently volunteers does not at all surprise me .
the dialogue : clumsy , cheesy , the script comes off as a long version of some cheesy skit you 'd see performed in sunday school or youth group function .
the rave review robots revel in the absence of " meaningless words " , but the cold hard truth is that such words are a part of the real world , and the complete absence of it is palpable .
let 's just say the mean ol' head coach of a team in a state championship game would have a lot more to say than " oh no ! "
when things are not going his way .
the plot : mind - bogglingly predictable .
it has been commented that this movie is " not a hollywood cliché " , and yet it 's like it was pulled directly from making an underdog sports movie for dummies ( including the mandatory quasi - romantic subplot for the ladies ) and just had a christian - themed coat of paint slapped on it .
i 'm not lying or bragging when i say i had almost every major detail in both the plot and subplot pegged immediately upon their inception .
only someone who has never seen a decent sports movie in their whole life would be emotionally stirred by the story presented here .
the directing / editing : it , too , was patterned almost exactly after the generic underdog sports movie template .
still , acting aside , there were n't many noticeable goofs , so at least facing the giants was technically competent .
the message : ask jesus and he will grant all your wishes .
part of me hoped that this movie would end in the team 's eventual defeat to really emphasize the whole "
if we lose , we praise you " part , because in the real world , you will fail at one point or another and it 's good to be prepared for that .
but in the world of facing the giants , if you fail , clearly someone either screwed up or is cheating .
another interesting question being , what if the eagles came across another team that had gotten religion ?
would they be caught in an endless loop of miraculous plays and last - minute saves , or would the universe simply have exploded ?
the bottom line : for the hardcore conservative christian parents crowd lamenting the evils of hollywood , facing the giants will be another mediocre - at - best christian film to hold up on a pedestal as the preferred model for modern film - making .
for everyone else , the effects will range from boredom to a burning desire to be watching something else .
and a warning : any attempt to show this to non - christians will lead not to conversion , but to derision .
i give this two stars , one for the one scene that did not have me rolling my eyes , and another for basic technical proficiency on a low budget .
a movie about vixen ( erica gavin ) who has a mountie husband who she loves ...
but she loves sex too !
in the course of the movie she gets multiple men in bed -- including her husband and brother !
also there 's a ( tame ) lesbian sequence .
this film put russ meyer on the map and was ( i believe ) the first critically acclaimed x rated film ever .
it was a big hit when it came out .
unfortunately , it does n't date well .
it is well - directed and erica gavin is just great ( whatever happened to her ) , and it was very colorful ...
but by today 's standards it 's extremely tame .
i 'm surprised it has an nc-17 rating now
-- there 's no hardcore sex and it only has topless females and no male nudity at all .
also it 's ( sadly ) pretty dull and the addition of politics at the end
was confusing ( and pretty silly ) .
it is worth catching though to see what was considered very shocking in 1968 .
purportedly i saw the cut version ( which has an r rating )
but i 've heard only a few seconds here and there are missing .
meyer 's next film " beyond the valley of the dolls " is much better and dates very well .
catch that instead .
the problems with this film are many , but i will try to mention the most glaring and bothersome ones .
first of all , while the theme suggests a number of vignettes about manhattan life , the reality was that everything , as usual in movies and tv , was about something bizarre , usually of a sexual nature .
the story lines were thin or nonexistent , and virtually every scene , camera shot , line of dialog , and expressed emotion was absolutely , and totally fake .
it finally reached a point after an hour of so of mind numbing garbage that i walked out ( something no uncommon for me in recent years . )
i would have guessed the fi9lm was directed by some wannabe auteur drop outs from some 3rd rate film studies program , but i believe the ( at one time , pre - amelia , talented)director mira nair took part in this disgusting travesty , so perhaps the directorial talent in america has descended en masse into the cesspool .
preposterous sequel stretches credibility to a great degree as diabolical sociopath stanley kaldwell returns this time infiltrating the movie production of the novel he wrote for the garden drownings , assuming the identity of a second unit director he murdered .
film pokes gleeful fun at hollywood , with a tongue - in - cheek script taking shots at tyrannical directors who sleep with their actresses( .. looking for a way up the ladder)and
dislike anyone challenging them for complete spotlight .
brian krause , who i thought was dreadful , overacting to the point where the satire felt incredibly forced , portrays the loud , temperamental director who does n't like the fact that his second unit director and screenplay writer , alison( .. played by dahlia salem)seem to be taking over the production .
andrew moxham is paul parsons , who is the brother of a victim from the first film .
the film 's dark humor this time takes the idea of a serial killer actually operating as director of a movie set and exploits it for all it 's worth .
nelson again ably slides back into his psycho role without any difficulty , with stanley as clever as ever , using his brains to commandeer a film production , killing whoever he has to in order to maintain full control of his work , letting no one stand in his way ..
that is until alison realizes who stanley really is .
alison is the type of ambitious writer who wants to capture the essence of her subject ..
what motivated stanley to kill , why would he do such a thing , and what led such a man down this dark path ?
the humor of alison actually working with that very man is also part of the satire at the heart of this dark comedy thriller .
of course , you get the inevitable showdown between alison and stanley , with a really ridiculous , unbelievable conclusion regarding the killer 's fate( .. quite a hard pill to swallow ) .
unlike the first film , which was photographed with sophisticated polish , director po - chih leong uses unnecessary techniques which are not needed( ..
such as shooting an all kinds of weird angles , slow - motion in a sepia color , and several instances which are captured on video)and rather annoy instead of impress .
this sequel , to me , just was n't on target as much as the original , with a lot of the humor less effective and more obvious .
there are movies like " plan 9 " that are so bad they have a charm about them , there are some like " waterworld " that have the same inexplicable draw as a car accident , and there are some like " desperate living " that you hate to admit you love .
cowgirls have none of these redemptions .
the cast assembled has enough talent to make almost any plot watchable , and from what i 've been told , the book is enjoyable .
how then could this movie be so intolerably bad ?
to begin with , it seems the director brought together a cast of names with no other tie than what will bring in the 20 somethings .
then tell them to do their best kevin costner imitations .
open the book at random and start shooting whatever is on the page making sure to keep the wide expanses of america from being interesting in any way .
finally give the editing job to your brother - in - law , because the meat packing plant just laid him off .
he does have twenty years of cutting experience .
this movie now defines the basement for me .
it is so bad , it is n't even good for being bad .
" phantasm " of 1979 was a highly atmospheric , creepy , scary and very original horror flick , and , in one word , cult .
the first sequel of 1988 was gory , witty , action - packed and highly entertaining .
after the first sequel however , " phantasm " creator don coscarelly apparently lacked new ideas . "
phantasm iii - lord of the dead " of 1994 is certainly not a complete failure , it even is quite entertaining , but there is no more originality , and the desperate attempts to bring in something new , are at times tiresome , which makes it quite disappointing in comparison to its predecessors .
- spoilers - quite in the beginning , we are introduced the secret behind the mysterious sentinel spheres ( the brain - sucking flying silver balls ) is unraveled .
thenceforward , a number of unnecessary and annoying new characters ( such as tim , a " home alone"-style little kid who happens to be great at shooting ,
an rocky , a tough and super - cool nunchaku - swinging black chick with a crew cut ) are introduced .
the film also has its qualities - reggie bannister is again very cool as the pony - tailed , guitar playing reggie .
angus scrimm is still quite creepy as the tall man , but the fact that the tall man talks a lot more in this film , makes him loose some of his creepiness .
the character of mike is played by a. michael baldwin again ( he had been replaced by james legros in part 2 ) , which , in my opinion , does n't make much of a difference .
the gore also keeps the film interesting enough to watch , but it is still a disappointment , especially because the attempts to make up for the lack of ideas get annoying quite quickly .
all things considered , " phantasm iii " is an acceptable time - waster , but it is definitely disappointing compared to its predecessors .
fans of the first two " phantasm " films can give it a try , but i recommend not to set your expectations too high .
absolutely one of the worst movies of all time .
low production values , terrible story idea , bad script ,
lackluster acting ...
and i ca n't even come up with an adjective suitably descriptive for how poor joan river 's directing is .
i know that there 's a special place in hell for the people who financed this film ; prolly right below the level reserved for child - raping genocidal maniacs .
this movie is a trainwreck.(terrible )
x ( infinity ) =
rabbit test .
avoid this at all costs .
it 's so bad , it is n't even funny how bad it is .
bo is jane parker , whose long - lost anthropologist father ( richard harris , in the worst role of a very inconsistent career ) is in africa studying something or another .
she tracks him down ( how ? )
and he tells her of the natives ' stories of a giant monster whose nightly howling can be heard throughout the jungle .
turns out to be the ape man himself ( miles o'keeffe , who has the film 's best dialogue ) , who rescues her from bad guys and falls in love with her , leaving them just enough time in this agonizing two hours to romp naked while a horny monkey looks on and cheers .
normally i 'm very open - minded to varying opinions about any film , but this is the sole exception .
this is the worst film ever made .
if you do n't agree , you have n't seen it .
( notes :
newsday called it " unendurable , " which is the best one - word summary i can think of .
the maltin movie guide comments that they almost had to think of a rating lower than bomb . )
what a stinkeroo this turned out to be ! ! !
at one time , much earlier in her career , linda darnell was one of my favorites - no great shakes as an actress , but very beautiful and pleasant ( particularly in films like " the mark of zorro " and " blood and sand " )
but when i saw this monstrosity , the memories of her golden days faded quickly .
the story is unbelievable and farcical , the acting second - rate , the supporting cast insufferable .
i can not think of a more immature performance by anyone when compared to tab hunter , and donald gray had to be the most boring leading man they could have picked .
added to this , was the terrible photography ( and i am not just referring to the color ! )
everyone associated with this , must have shuddered whenever it was shown .
it 's amazing to see how nikhil advani manages to attract people to the theater till the very day of the release .
i mean ..... look at the cast here , the promotion is superb , good enough songs and the trailers are fine .
this makes it a house full on the first day , but it 's only when people go and see the film they realize that there is no way their money is refundable .
house full the first day , the movie is out the next week .
this film , inspired by ' love actually ' is what they say , did n't manage to handle the whole cast well .
they tried to put in big stars but ended up by not even managing to bring out even an average performance by any one .
the stories are hollow and cheesy , so the audience ca n't connect with any single one of them .
it 's a big disappointment to all those who like big stars or for that matter nikhil advani after his big success of ' kal ho na ho ' .
writer / director peter greenaway cements his title as the high lord of art house pretension with his latest exercise in obnoxious self - indulgence , 8 ½ women .
the film follows a wealthy englishman and his son on their mutual quest for sexual satisfaction , as they lure and blackmail women ( guess how many ) into joining their personal collection of concubines .
think of any possible way that this premise could be offensive , and chances are
greenaway 's done it .
the female characters are little more than a catalogue of fetishes for the two protagonists to partake of .
there 's the kabuki - obsessed mio , the ever - pregnant giaconda and beryl , who 's got a thing for farm animals .
giulietta has no legs and uses a wheelchair , she 's the " half woman , " get it ?
greenaway vehemently denies all accusations of misogyny , but if this is n't it , then what is?the film goes on to eroticize anything and everything having to do with japan , a continuation of themes from his snore - worthy ( but less sexist ) 1996 film , the pillow book .
but where the the pillow book was erotic and graceful , 8 ½ women just gets horny and exploitative .
greenaway 's work is tasteless and arrogant in its fetishism , and the only person likely to enjoy watching it is the auteur himself .
some amusing humor , some that falls flat , some decent acting , some that is quite atrocious .
this movie is simply hit and miss , guaranteed to amuse
12 year old boys more than any other niche .
the child actors in the movie are just unfunny .
when you are making a family comedy , that does tend to be a problem .
beverly d'angelo rises above the material to give a funny , and dare i say it , human performance in the midst of this mediocrity .
this is absolutely the worst movie i 've seen all year .
first , i will say that the acting was very good , and by all of the cast .
this was apparently meant to be very offbeat , and in that regard it succeeded .
by the same token , the story revolves around a self - centered wannabe , who is a clueless , talentless chronic liar , whose source of self confidence comes from a pair of leather slippers .
this was worse than watching a car wreck .
i bought this adaptation because i really liked anne brontë 's novel when i read it some time ago and usually particularly enjoy bbc dramas .
but i 'm very disappointed
, i never thought it would be as bad as that : the whole series made me laugh much more than moved me as the novel had .
first of all , the music ( and songs ) seems totally out of place in a period drama ( sounds as if it 's been written for a contemporary horror film)and like another commentator , i was particularly annoyed by the way the cameras spun and spun round the actors .
i 've seen some scenes filmed that way in " north and south " and it seemed all right there
but in the tenant , it 's definitely overdone and simply annoying .
camera movements can not make wooden acting lively .
most of the second roles were difficult to distinguish at first and the script lacked clarity .
none of the characters were properly introduced at first .
the little boy gave a very good performance , he 's very cute and the best feature of the film .
spoilers tara fitzgerald 's characterisation of helen graham made her appear cold and harsh , letting no emotion pass through .
she does n't seem to be able to cry at all in a realistic way .
i just could n't believe markham could have fell for her
and i 'm not mentioning the awful hairdo she was given .
i could not help feeling some sympathy with her husband !
fancy being married to such a virago ...
besides , he was the only main actor that sounded right to me .
toby stephens
i found just ok , helen graham 's brother not very good .
maybe it 's difficult to adapt a novel that deals with such bleak subjects as alcoholism and cruelty .
besides , what is only hinted at and left to the reader 's imagination in the book is dwelt upon with complaisance in the tv adaptation : making some scenes both gross and comic , ( like when huntingdon 's eye starts bleeding ) and others far too sexed up for a period drama !
i mean , do n't we get enough of those bed scenes in contemporary dramas ?
i used to be an avid viewer until i personally spent long cold hours helping build a home for the white family , only to be sickened to see the house a year later .
all of the beautiful rock landscaping has been removed , the gorgeous rock sidewalk and front fountain have been removed , all the pine trees and pecan trees in the front have been cut down , sprinkler system has been ripped out .
it now looks like a disaster area .
they do n't even live there any more ... they live " in town " and come out only for the weekend .
it sickens me to think of all the hours that the great people of oklahoma donated to these people and to see the result .
the story that we all saw on tv was n't completely the truth ...
do n't believe every thing you see and hear .
words ca n't simply describe how awful this film is .
i watched it on video last night , and i simply could not believe what i was seeing .
basically , " snakeeater " is about an ex - military man ( lorenzo lamas ) and his search for his kidnapped sister who has been held captive by deliverance - style rednecks .
the film 's acting , writing , direction , photography , and editing are deplorable along with a song called " soldier " that has to be one of the worst theme songs of all time!however , there is one treat .
horshack " ( ron pallio ) from " welcome back carter " is in the film playing a laughable bad guy .
otherwise , please avoid this mess at all costs .
um ...
okay , i guess i get the whole shaky - cam , gorilla - style filming technique but unfortunately i think a gorilla could have made a better movie ...
this thing was just a complete mess from the get go .
bad acting , bad directing , bad story and horrific cinematography .
how this piece of garbage was released i will never know , but it has and unfortunately i watched it .
filmed on location in tennessee by the directing team of greg swinson and ryan thiessen ( harry and lloyd ) , " five across the eyes
" i 'm assuming is supposed to resemble a " blair witch " type film but falls short ...
okay it nose dives off a cliff .
i was actually embarrassed for these young women , whom i 'm sure were promised hollywood stardom , but ended up in this dung heap .
the dialog is ridiculous , and actually aggravates you as you listen to it .
how this is supposed to be a horror flick is another mystery , as there is nothing even remotely scary about it , except for the fact that i watched it ...
try this one on for size : there is 5 of you and 1 of her , do the math and beat her ass ...
" the end " .
saddly it went on ( and on ) for 95 more minutes of mind - numbing stupidity ...
i saw it for free , and wanted my money back .
yes there are great performances here .
unfortunately , they happen in the context of a movie that does n't seem to have a clue what it 's doing .
during the first 45 - 60 minutes of this all the music takes place as realistic performance .
suddenly , about an hour in , the characters who , until this point , had always spoken to each other , suddenly start singing to each other .
to further confuse things , a little further in , out of nowhere , they actually do about 15 minutes of sung - through dialog , then seem to drop that idea and move on to other things , such as a number that begins in a jazz club with a drummer and two electric guitars suddenly turning into a fully orchestrated piece with a massive unseen string section .
on top of all this inconsistency in how the music is used , is the composers ' clear inability to actually write music in the style that is supposedly being portrayed .
while the first couple of pieces do sort of mimic
the 1950s
motown sound , the rest of the film is just ( bad )
broadway show music .
then there 's the pure silliness of snippets of a group doing a bad jackson family imitation and eddie murphy morphing from little richard to james brown to lionel richie .
when he started channeling stevie wonder
i could n't help laughing out loud .
this was clearly one of those films that make me appreciate how little time i have on earth and resent that i wasted two hours of it watching this film .
the problem is the role of the characters in the film .
man to man shows a british anthropologist kidnapping two pygmies and taking them to scotland and then realising that they are not animals or subhumans but actually equal to himself .
the problem is the role of the pygmies in the film - two people who are kidnapped , treated like animals , and yet given such a shallow , stereotypical role within the film ...
the kidnapper ( british anthropologist ) ends up being the hero of the film because he ' manages ' to relate to the pygmies ...
no notion of how the two hostages feel , of their point of view , of their ordeal ... i find it is a shallow film , with a one sided fundamentally racist view ... it never manages to move away from the ' white mans ' view
this movie is the biggest steaming pile of you know what , being from and growing up in wichita kansas;i know for a fact 90 % of the movie was bogus .
aside from the names of some of the victims , nothing else much was correct .
the movie looks like it was made with dad 's handy - cam , it had footage that i believe came from another film along with stock footage from a slaughter house .
i usually enjoy watching bad films for the fun of it , but due to the bad acting , poorly prepared or non existent sets and a very dull and short ending .
it was a struggle to watch it through to the ending .
i recommend that you not waste your money on this film or you will be sorry .
crunch
as a horror - movie fan i try to watch all significant novelties of this genre , especially those which are the products of my native cinema .
and i can say that that the " power of fear " ( or " vedma " as the russian title of it ) is one of the weakest film among them .
firstly , it ca n't scary even a little kid , it paces so slowly and so predictable that there is no place for the real horror .
frankly speaking , it 's bad in all points : from the goofy plot ( i do n't know why the russian producers / director decided to transform the classic story about ukrainian witchcraft into some lame and ridiculous modern - day - america thriller .
i absolutely agree with the previous reviewer 
it does n't thrill a bit ) and to the terrible and cheesy actors ' work .
all actors including the leading valeri nikolayev and yevgeniya kryukova who are quite famous in russia look like wooden dolls or something like that
and it seems to me they did n't even bother to play at all , only spoke their english lines without any expression .
and at the end i do n't really understand why they filmed this flick in english with russian actors ?
i think it was their wrong turn .
at least they could cast some american or english actors for the leading parts to make them look more convincing .
the same i can say about so called " small american town backgrounds " which were shot in estonia and look like it .
the only positive moment i found in the " power of fear " is the visual effects .
they are not excellent but rather good for the russian film .
and the music is ok , at least it does n't irritate me .
that 's why i give it two stars .
overall , if you want to see good horror film  do n't waste your time and money on this boring flick .
and if you are looking for something that claims to be a russian horror i 'd advise you to find a copy of " viy or the spirit of evil " .
it 's really the terrific movie based on the same novel as " power of fear " but much , much better .
i will never be a member of any club that would have me , especially this one .
starr andreeff is a single mom / stripper who gets attacked by afemale vampire and left for dead .
she begins to get a hankering forblood , and meets up with john savage , looking like he'swondering where he left michael cimino 's phone number .
savageis also a vampire and wants to let andreef join his little vampirefamily , which consists of a british vamp , the blonde vamp whoattacked starr , and a green haired midget ( i am not making thisup).the family does not want starr
, so they try to kill savage and starrand starr 's kid .
someone forgot to tell john savage that this was a drama .
hespends most of his screen time exhibiting more facial tics
thanhugh grant on a jolt cola bender , and he reads all of his lines likehe is making a farrelly brothers film .
andreeff tries to make themost of a badly written role , but screenwriter / director ruben goesfor all the vampire cliches , like starr eating her son 's pet hamsterand buying a lot of raw meat to fight the craving for blood .
the kidalso gets knocked around a lot , for those who think watchingviolence against children is really entertaining .
the film is extra gory , but not in a wild , over the top way like " killertongue . "
here , the gore is gross and never justified , it just occurs .
it is just in the budget .
most of the r rating goes to andreeff'scoworkers , who are put through embarassing strip routines in thebackground of conversation scenes .
the budget does not includevampire fangs !
all the vampires here must stab their prey to eat .
nifty idea , unless you have already seen george romero's"martin .
"even at 77 minutes , and once you throw in ruben 's attempts atarty direction ( skewed frames , blurred scenes ) , this is onetiresome , dull , and dirty ride .
leave this club and take a shower , you will need it .
this is rated ( r ) for strong physical violence , gun violence , sexualviolence , strong gore , strong profanity , female nudity , sexualreferences , drug abuse , and adult situations .
this 1996 movie was the first adaptation of jane eyre that i ever watched and
when i did so i was appalled by it .
so much of the novel had been left out and i considered william hurt to be terribly miscast as rochester .
since then i have watched all the other noteworthy adaptations of the novel , the three short versions of ' 44 , ' 70 and ' 97 and the three mini series of ' 73 , ' 83 and 2006 , and i have noticed that there are worse adaptations and worse rochesters .
this is without doubt the most exquisite jane eyre adaptation as far as cinematography is concerned .
director franco zerifferelli revels in beautiful long shots of snow falling from a winter sky , of lonely rochester standing on a rock , and of jane looking out of the window - but he is less good at telling a story and bringing characters to life .
in addition , his script merely scratches the surface of the novel by leaving out many important scenes .
as a consequence the film does not show the depth and complexity of the relationship between jane and rochester , and sadly it does also not include the humorous side of their intercourse .
there are a number of short conversations between rochester and jane , each of them beautifully staged , but the couple of sentences they exchange do not suffice to show the audience that they are drawn to each other .
we know that they are supposed to fall in love , but we never see it actually happen .
the scene in which rochester wants to find out jane 's reaction to his dilemma by putting his case in hypothetical form before her after the wounded mason has left the house is completely missing , and the farewell scene , the most important scene - the climax - of the novel is reduced to four sentences .
zerifferelli does not make the mistake other scriptwriters have made in substituting their own poor writing for brontë 's superb lines , neither are crucial scenes completely changed and rewritten , but he makes the less offensive but in the end similarly great mistake of simply leaving many important scenes out .
what remains is just a glimpse of the novel , which does no justice to charlotte brontë 's masterpiece .
the cast is a mixed bag : while fiona shaw is an excellent mrs reed , anna paquin 's young jane is more an ill - mannered , pout lolita than a lonely little girl , longing for love .
the ever - reliable joan plowright makes a very likable , but far too shrewd mrs fairfaix , and one can not help feeling that billie whitelaw is supposed to play the village witch instead of plain - looking , hard - working grace poole .
charlotte gainsbourgh as the grown - up heroine , however , is physically a perfect choice for playing jane eyre .
looking every bit like 18 , thin and frail , with irregular , strong features , she comes closest to my inner vision of jane than any other actress in that role .
and during the first 15 minutes of her screen time i was enchanted by her performance .
gainsbourgh manages well to let the audience guess at the inner fire and the strong will which are hidden behind the stoic mask .
but unfortunately the script never allows her to expand the more passionate and lively side of jane 's character any further .
as a result of leaving out so many scenes and shortening so much of the dialogues , gainsbourgh 's portrayal of jane must necessarily remain incomplete and therefore ultimately unsatisfactory .
this is a pity , as with a better script charlotte gainsbourgh might have been as good a jane as zelah clarke in the ' 83 version .
but while it is still obvious that gainsbourgh is trying to play jane , there is no trace whatsoever of rochester in the character that william hurt portrays .
hurt , who has proved himself to be a fine actor in many good movies , must have been aware that he was physically and type - wise so miscast that he did not even attempt at playing the rochester of the novel .
his rochester , besides being blond and blue - eyed , is a soft - spoken , well - mannered nobleman , shy and quiet , slightly queer and eccentric , but basically good - natured and mild .
he is so far from being irascible , moody and grim
that lines referring to these traits of his character sound absolutely ridiculous .
additionally , during many moments of the movie , hurt 's facial expression leaves one wondering if he is fighting against acute attacks of the sleeping sickness .
particularly in the proposal scene he grimaces like a patient rallying from a general anaesthetic and is hardly able to keep his eyes open .
if you compare his rochester to the strong - willed and charming protagonist of the novel , simply bursting with energy and temperament , it is no wonder that many viewers are disappointed in hurt 's performance .
still , he offends me less than the rochesters in the ' 70 , ' 97 and 2006 versions
and i would in general rank
this jane eyre higher than these three other ones .
hurt obviously had the wits to recognise that he could not be the rochester of the novel and therefore did not try to do so , whereas george c. scott , ciaràn hinds and toby stephens thought they could , but failed miserably , and i 'd rather watch a character other than rochester than a rochester who is badly played .
and i 'd rather watch a jane eyre movie which leaves out many lines of the novel but does not invent new ones than a version which uses modernised dialogues which sound as if they could be uttered by a today 's couple in a starbucks café .
of course this jane eyre is a failure , but at least it is an inoffensive one , which is more than one can say of the ' 97 and 2006 adaptations .
i would therefore not desist anyone from watching this adaptation : you will not find jane eyre , but at least you will find a beautifully made movie .
this has to be one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
this movie has nothing positive about it .
some of you people actually like this movie !
i 've seen a lot of dracula movies and i 've liked everyone that i 've seen , but when i saw this movie
i said to myself , " what the hell is this ?
what a stupid movie .
now they have dracula becoming who he is because he is judas .
for those of you who do n't know who judas is , he betrayed jesus christ and then felt so guilty he hung himself .
you have to be kidding me .
that 's the dumbest reason i 've ever heard for why dracula became evil .
who asked for a reason anyway ?
what a piece of sh
* * this movie is .
who ever came up with this sorry excuse for a movie should be beaten .
even the dracula is horrible .
if you ever saw this movie you would n't even think it was dracula .
wow , dracula 2000 !
is that title supposed to impress me ?
do n't waste your time or your money on this trash .
with their no holds bar cruel offensive humor , sure enough to offended anyone , you would sure think this would be a laugh riot !
............
wrong .
worest movie since open water .
do n't be to surprised if you completely miss this movie upon release date as i 'm sure it wo nt do very good at all at the box office .
this movie had a lot of potential but fell to little to short .
no enough character development , awkward actors and the upside of this movie was nudity .
boobs .
amazing .
if i had to see this movie again , i myself would go postal .
< < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < < <
i remember rather enjoying this a few years back but coming to it again , i wonder why .
i guess it always looks good and the girls do
rather well
but the men do rather let the side down .
why oh why in so many english films about sex do we have to have such inept men along side the pretty girls ?
what is more this begins predictably enough as a sex farce similar in vein to the confessions films but about a third of the way through ( whilst we are beginning to enjoy the presence of the lovely me me lai )
the film asks us to start taking it seriously .
not only that but the central rock club and cannabis sequences are very forced and just look stilted .
in short this is neither as innocently silly or as intelligently serious as it seems to intend .
richard o'sullivan maybe , as such a central figure , could have helped but i reckon this to be one of his worst performances .
just worth it for the ladies .
i love anthony hopkins as an actor
so i was very interested to see how he would do as a writer / director .
i could not have been more disappointed by this move .
the movie was so disjointed and the cinematography was so over done to the point i wanted to pull the plug out of the wall .
the actors were very good
but it was such a waste of talent .
not all actors are cut out to be writers or directors and clearly mr. hopkins falls into this category .
of all the movies i have ever seen in my 50 years , this is absolutely the worst movie ever .
please do us all a favor mr. hopkins and stick to acting , which you are excellent at , and leave the writing and directing to those who are talented in those areas .
if i could give this movie a rating less than one i certainly would .
i get the feeling that those involved in making " surviving christmas " did n't put much thought into the movie .
the characters are so inconsistent and the plot makes so little sense that the movie played like a rough draft of a script thrown together with little but the one - liner concept of a rich guy paying a family to let him spend christmas with them .
ben affleck portrays drew latham , the typical hollywood image of a wealthy , egotistical advertising executive who buys his way through life .
his girlfriend , missy , leaves him shortly before christmas because she 's disgusted that drew wanted to take her to fiji for christmas , which she calls " the family holiday , " and the fact that drew has never introduced her to his family .
we later find out that drew 's father left when he was 4 years old , and his mother is dead , so it 's a mystery why he does n't just say that he has no family , rather than allow his girlfriend to believe that he does n't care about his family .
out of fear of being alone on christmas , drew tracks down missy 's shrink
( why ?
i have no idea ) , who suggests he do a forgiveness ritual at his childhood home .
when he meets the family living in his childhood home , the valcos , drew offers them $ 250,000 to pretend to be his family , so he can relive his fond childhood memories .
he gets angry when he later finds out that they have an adult daughter , alicia ( christina applegate ) , because he " does n't have a sister , " and even goes so far as to write a script for the family to follow so that they act more like his " real " family .
none of this makes any sense once drew reveals that he grew up with no family but his mother .
also inexplicable is the character of alicia , who is annoyed that her family accepted drew 's money , and refuses to play along with his fantasy .
but for no good reason , she suddenly starts to like drew , and in a matter of minutes goes from hating his guts to acting like his girlfriend .
drew is such a complete jerk throughout the movie that even his sad story about the lonely christmases of his childhood evokes no sympathy ; i almost wish he had finished with , " just kidding !
the real reason i do n't see my family is that they all have restraining orders against me ! "
( 2/10 )
the plot of ' house of games ' is the strongest thing about it : a successful author and psychologist is conned by a gang of grifters , but in discovering the wicked part of herself that enjoys the thrill of what they do , she finally gets her revenge .
that 's about the pitch : but someone has to take responsibility for it coming across as being acted by puppets .
it has to be the director mamet : lindsay crouse has had a varied and pretty steady tv and film career , so she ca n't perform this badly all the time .
she 's supposed to go from uptight , cool , controlled professional to calculating , wicked fast lady having fun , as shown by the change from beige trouser suit ( which she seems to wear for three days straight , including underwear ) to floppy floral sundress .
but everyone seems to be speaking their lines the same clipped , precise way ; i imagine mamet wanting to make sure not a syllable of his scintillating script got missed .
the effect is unsettling and spoils the atmosphere of mystery and suspense he is presumably trying to create .
at times ' house of games ' loses any connection to how human beings actually behave or talk , and becomes just a mechanism to spin out the plot .
the clunky vibes'n'oboe faux - jazz soundtrack does n't help either .
the ultimate result is that the only entertainment to be had is in guessing the outcome , and the sooner you do that
the sooner you will get bored with the robotic , two - dimensional performances .
and they smoke too much ! ! !
photography was too jumpy to follow .
dark scenes hard to see .
had good story line too bad
it got lost somewhere .
too noisy for what was really happening bottom line is it 's a baddddd movie
i have to confess right off that i have never been a fan of rodney dangerfield .
indeed , from me he gets " no respect .
" i watched this only because my wife wanted to see it , and found exactly what i expected : a stupid story without any real humour .
it 's full of lame , crude jokes and a totally ridiculous plot revolving around a developer 's ( dangerfield ) plans to build a ski resort in utah that just did n't capture my attention at all .
in addition to dangerfield the film starred a weak cast , including the likes of andrew dice clay and the totally over the hill john byner
( i did n't even know he was still around until i saw his name in the credits for this.)this
truly is a dangerfield disaster.2/10
i went to the video store tonight because i was in the mood for a bad b horror movie
and i found this gem .
i looked at the cover
and i thought it looked like just the movie for my mood .
i brought it home and put it on .
this movie was not the b horror movie that i had in mind .
this was much worse .
i wanted a bad movie but what i got , i did n't know that crap like this existed amongst man .
this movie seemed like a 5 year old wrote and directed it and that is being nice about it .
i am an aspiring director and this movie made me so mad that someone out there is actually paying this guy to direct movies .
he needs to work at a garbage dump shoveling crap where he belongs .
if you are thinking about renting this or buying it .
i will tell you the same thing that i would tell someone getting ready to commit suicide .
don't do it
, it 's
not worth it !
i really have nothing nice to say about this movie .
don't do it !
* * * *
warning :
here be spoilers
* * * *
why do i waste my hastily fleeing years watching garbage like this ?
this film is an impressive collection of clichés , poor writing , worse directing , and then we have n't even got to the acting yet .
and of course , you can predict the whole story from beginning to end .
hero expert fights against stupid , corrupt and incompetent henchmen .
one avalanche goes off , burying all the heroes who somehow manage to get out alive in spite of going through all sorts of cliffhanger perils .
corrupt partner who caused the whole thing gets fried alive together with his payoff money .
second avalanche heroically deflected by renegade expert 's adventurous experiment .
evil henchmen in the end turn out to have a heart as well .
troubled teenager falls into the arms of her crusty stepmother after being saved by her .
etc , etc , etc , etc , on and on it goes .
in fact , there 's little reason to warn for spoilers .
you could probably work the whole plot out if i gave you the basic ingredients .
at least , i was n't too wide off the mark most of the time , anticipating what would happen next .
and then we have n't discussed the factual errors .
i agree with a previous commentator that even though there are usually some redeeming features even of a bad movie .
you 'd be hard pressed to find any in this one .
i suppose i gave it 2 out of 10 for some nice scenery shots , but that 's it .
it 's been some time since a film made me groan , but this one certainly did .
absolutely unwatchable , lowest quality film making .
this film makes " show girls " look good .
the acting is insufferable .
the cinematography gives a bad name to amateurism .
no wonder
it went right to video and bypassed the theaters .
this film was n't released ... it escaped .
this mini - series is actually more entertaining than some others with much bigger budgets and grander aspirations .
sotd falls somewhere between " kung - fu " and " h r pufnstuff " on the entertainment spectrum .
if it were n't so long ( nearly 3 hours ) i think that kids would like it quite a bit .
it 's got adventure , action , " cliffhanger scenes " , and not too much romance or other " icky " stuff .
when you 're young , you 're not too critical of flexing rubber swords , campy acting , and scenes that are repeated .
( at least two scenes are repeated identically in the movie , just as was done in old - time serials in order to bring the audience up to speed . )
finally , kids are usually more accepting of american english dialogue coming out of the mouths of asian actors .
( not to mention the fact that several of the leading roles are played by non - asian actors . )
i was going to give this movie three stars , but i felt like the director , producers , and cast deserved some extra credit for at least carrying through on the project .
this movie is not art , but , like painting your house , it actually took some time , effort , and discipline to get it made .
overall , not a recommended use for your time , but it might keep the kids entertained while traveling in the mini - van .
yeah ...
hey , imdb ! "
dialogue " is the preferred and traditional spelling .
your spell - checking seems to think that " dialog " is the proper spelling .
while " dialog " is acceptable , both webster 's and the oed consider it an alternative form .
chances are if i watched this again i might get physically sick , the film is so annoying ..... unless you believe in psychics , re - incarnation and the other hocus- pocus which this promotes big - time .
the " re - cycling of souls , " they call it here .
puh - leeze .
this story has been done several times before with such films as " heaven can wait .
" it 's also been done a lot better .
too bad they had to waste the talents of robert downey jr. , cybill shepherd , ryan o'neal and mary stuart masterson .
at least it 's a pretty tame film , language - wise .
that 's about the only redeeming quality of this movie .
this film is described as a action / comedy .
the first 15 minutes and james belushi 's presence point to it being a humorous gangster film .
however , the introduction of the ridiculous female lead begins a number of ludicrous plot twists which do little to conceal the contrived ending .
the film moves between comedy(description used loosely ) and surreal drama with some out of context adult scenes thrown in .
the lead female ( the angel of the title ) is poorly acted and the actress is not helped by the script which requires some unbelievable , extremes of character to be portrayed .
james belushi is the only one who handles his part well but is also let down by the poor script .
one to avoid .
i noticed that this film has taken the brunt of a lot of insults .
it probably earned some of them , but it was n't that bad .
well , i 'll be honest : i never want to see this film again .
it was a bad film .
but i do n't hate this film , it tried to tell a story .
as a drama , this film could work very well actually .
i just think the filmmakers misgauged which road to take when they made this ( they should have added more funny bits if they wanted it to be a comedy ) .
with a rewrite , it could have been a great film .
but as a satire , it did n't work in its current form -- many scenes did not fit within the context of the plot : for example , the robbery scene makes little sense in the story .
still , it was n't the worst independent film ever made -- is it in the top 10
worst ?
that 's debatable .
this is the biggest insult to tmnt ever .
fortunantely , officially venus does not exist in canon tmnt .
there will never be a female turtle , this took away from the tragic tale of 4 male unique mutants who will never have a family of their own , once gone no more .
the biggest mistake was crossing over power rangers to tmnt with a horrible episode ; the turtle 's voices were wrong and they all acted out of character .
they could have done such a better job , better designs and animatronics and no venus .
do n't bother with this people ...
it 's cringe worthy material .
the lip flap was slow and unnatural looking .
they totally disrespected shredder .
the main baddie , some dragonlord dude was corny .
the turtles looked corny with things hanging off their bodies , what 's with the thing around raph 's thigh ?
the silly looking sculpted plastrons ! ?
if they looked normal , acted in character and got rid of venus , got rid of the stupid kiddie cartoon sounds ... and better writing it could have been good .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
however , the little slave girl , alice and jared harris imitating christopher walken is what makes this movie entertaining .
alice 's smoking , drinking and uncanny way of showing up when her name is called is strange and interesting .
i have to applaud jared for his christopher walken imitation , and christopher walken for allowing this to be in the movie .
this movie was so bad i could n't sit through it without doing something else .
there was no plot and no point .
i was thoroughly bored and for a film about a stand up comedian , i could n't recall one joke or funny line worthy of the description .
politicians with no charisma speaking technical jargon could not be less entertaining .
so how was this made ?
is there no quality control in film ?
watching the girls in bikinis was the only distraction during this horrible experience .
it 's hard to imagine that adam sandler who has become popular and has appeared in fine comedies was able to survive after this kind of exposure .
he was not funny in the least in this movie so it proves that the writing is so vital in effective comedy .
from the first moment , this " thing " is just an awful sequence of extremely short cuts of blurry camera work .
while the overall plot has every potential for a thriller , the story is so badly told that i 'm unable to buy it .
from the middle of the film , the actions of characters do n't make sense to me .
stop reading now to avoid spoilers.for instance , ed 's idea to have edna make coffee for them after having shot off her son 's arm is way below his alleged experience ; it 's just an extremely stupid idea .
domino not questioning the fragmentary orders she receives from claremont williams over a breaking - up phone connection just eludes me ; should n't she be long suspicious that williams is turning them in ?
those fbi agents seem out of their minds showing up with just one single helicopter to something they have every reason to consider a capital mafia shoot - out .
besides , what they do by withholding and leaking information towards cigliutti is pretty much incitement to murder ; it seems to me like farewell to justice if that 's they way the fbi does investigations .
in reality , they 'd have a case messed up beyond repair if they acted like this .
we get to see a car accident which normally would have at least seriously injured if not killed most of the passengers but miraculously leaves all of them with just a few bruises .
quite the contrary , the accident is immediately followed by domino making love to choco , which is from domino 's viewpoint in no way founded by previous events but just by being drugged to the eyeballs .
the whole sequence of scenes starting from the phone call of claremont williams appears to me just as want - to - be dramatic razzle - dazzle .
this combined with the awful , uneasy camera work just makes a piece i hesitate to call a movie .
i 'm sorry for the wasted effort of the main actors , whose talent is out of question .
this film just goes around in circles , and the viewer does not know where they are .
at first i thought ..
mmmmm , could be kinda cool movie this , but it just drags on and on , and eventually you do n't know what 's going on .
the lead female is a good actress and played her role well , and the psycho fella , is creepy , but after a bit you do n't really care what happens , because this film just drags on .
shame really , this could have turned out a lot better .
would say though that the lead female and psycho fella , will have a good career ahead of them , but will they remember this film , for making them known , or for being the film they regret they ever made .
what do you get when you have bad acting , bad directing , scenes that are excruciatingly long , terrible lighting , painful editing , and awful effects ?
you get jessica :
a ghost story seems its shot on betacam , which is fine , but the lighting has to compliment this medium .
in this case it does not .
there are a few cu 's where the person 's face is entirely in shadow .
one scene in particular is the scene at the psychiatrists .
it 's a joke if you ask me .
some of the scenes were so long that they could have easily been cut in half ...
but i guess then they would n't have a film at feature length .
the main character is incredibly flat .
he 's the lead male , so he should have some " hero " elements to his character , but he does not .
he whines and is scared the entire film .
i could go on , but i do n't want to waste my time .
although the lighting was terrible , i must say that they did have nice camera movement .
too bad the lighting did n't compliment it .
the cover of the dvd is nice , and that 's where it ends .
just terrible .
a young scientist harry harrison is continuing his late father 's scientific research into limb regeneration with flying colours , but his interferingly dominate mother and her doctor lover want to sell off the serum .
when he finds out , there is an accident involving harry losing an arm .
so , he tries out the serum and what eventuates is a genetically deranged arm that has a mind of its own .
oh we 've seen this
oh so many times before , but what lifts this very campy and quite rubbery shonky junk is the performance of movie icons elke sommer and oliver reed .
actually it 's not a bad flick by fangoria films ; just there are better ones out there , which are similar in vein .
servered ties " simply lacks it own distinctive style .
the oddball nature and unpleasant splatter resembled " re - animator " and even a touch of slapstick stuck out like something from " evil dead 2" .
the comic story is truly whacked out with it 's black humour , but it can get melodramatic and a bit in dry in the fun factor .
surprises do crop up , especially the flick 's final outcome .
which is well accepted , as i thought it could have copped out with something more accessible .
for a low - budget production the fx makeup can look rigid and very goofy , but there 's some grotesque moments that will make you smile than actually cringe .
even a brush of sexual tension streamlines the story , thanks to elke sommer 's sternly juicy performance as the mother .
oliver reed is quite humorously deadpan in a wicked sense and he pulls it off extremely well .
they were both immensely diverting as the couple you loved to hate .
billy morrisette is delightful in a erratic performance as harry .
director damon santostefano briskly paces the film and orchestrates some stylish scenes of gripping and bamboozling horror .
yeah it 's juvenile and basically silly nonsense , but you got to hand it to it for some undemanding entertainment .
i 'm not a huge star trek fan , but i was looking forward to this .
i was intrigued by the pre - hype descriptions of the enterprise , its cramped - submarine styling and rough - edged technology compared to the treks we are used to .
i did n't see anything all that interesting in this pilot .
i found the plot to be convoluted and confusing .
i will admit that i did like some of the character development - the depictions of the humans as an ' adolescent ' species ready to outgrow their britches was entertaining .
and that vulcan babe had one hell of an incredible rack .
but i do n't think i 'm going to get hooked on this series.3/10
in sixth grade , every teacher i had decided it would be a great idea to make this movie the curriculum for an entire semester .
every class had something to do with this terrible show .
we watched it in english and wrote in journals as if we were one of the characters .
in math we talked about charts and other sea crap .
in science we talked about whales ( which was actually somewhat interesting , so this was n't a 100 % waste of time ) .
all day everyday was torture .
not only that , but they would subject us to this horror twice a day by making us watch it in study hall as well .
i could see if this was a new series or something , but it was , like , ' 93 .
i 'm still trying to block this out .
cq was the worst film i saw this year .
nearly every film i choose to see in the theater is at least entertaining or has something to say .
this film looked like like it was directed by a film student for his intro .
to filmmaking class .
his father makes great films .
his sister made a good one .
but brother roman ?
one critic had the audacity to compare this film to godard 's le mépris ( contempt ) .
while coppola , jr. did take the same idea , a film about film , he tried too hard to make himself seem european , artsy , and witty , when it 's all really just kitsch .
the lead actor carries the same expression through the whole film , like he 's either in awe or in shock of this film being made around him .
schwartzman somehow manages to pull off his role as a flamboyant director .
depardieu is alright .
the one scene that has any real film spoof humor at all is , surprisingly , not the b - movie scenes , but rather one which takes place in italy ; a montage of shots of several various characters inside a very small car , driving around picking up and dropping off random people .
this was the only thing that reminded me of the cinema i am guessing he was trying to spoof .
or rip - off .
or both .
the documentary with the lead talking into the camera and filming various objects has been played out , the ending was tagged on for the sake of a " twist " or artistic value ...
i suppose the funniest thing about this film was the film itself , and not in the way it intended .
no wonder this film was sent back after a festival screening to be re - edited or re - shot or whatever , which makes me curious as to just how bad it was before .
i ca n't believe it could have been worse than this .
if you want to see a good parody of film check out the austin powers films .
any of them .
the opening to the third is more entertaining and more genius than this entire film .
lil ' romy , for the sake of cinema , please go back to directing your cousin 's music videos .
leave the godfathers to daddy .
jill dunne ( played by mitzi kapture ) , is an attractive , nice woman , over - whelmed by a smart - mouthed teenage daughter , liv ( martha macisaac ) and a petty , two - timing husband , sean ( rick roberts ) , both of which were tediously self - centered , and obnoxious .
this was advertised as a troubled family stalked by a crazed killer during a relentless storm .
the storm does n't even happen until about the last 5 minutes of the film , and then it is n't anything to send anybody running to the storm cellar .
the stalking , likewise does n't get intense until almost the end of the film .
most of the film we spend listening to jill and her insufferable daughter , liv , argue until i just wanted to back slap the daughter into next week .
jill 's problem with liv is that she has taken up with zack , a boy of questionable character , and they are constantly making out -- in fact jill comes home to find the two of them on liv 's bed .
the rest of the time we spend listening to jill 's husband sean either whine at jill or criticize her .
sean was not at all appealing -- since his face is so covered in freckles you could play connect the dots .
the story begins with jill being notified of an out - standing bill on their credit card for a hotel she has never been to , and that she thought sean had never been to either .
jill goes to the hotel where she meets the owner & manager , richard grant ( nick mancuso ) , a very nice , older , divorced man , who is sympathetic to her .
in fact , when he spots her husband there again , he phones jill and tips her off .
jill returns to the hotel , sees sean with another woman .
she is upset , leaves without sean seeing her , and does absolutely nothing .
in fact , she does n't even say anything to sean when he arrives home .
this made no sense to me .
jill has given richard her business card , and so he calls her
and she is apparently in real estate .
she shows him a condo .
afterwards they have a drink , and things get cozy between them .
richard and jill are getting it on , hot and heavy .
in fact , he seems a bit more aggressive than necessary , when jill suddenly decides to cut out .
jill and sean have a confrontation about his cheating .
sean whines about how jill has been letting him down since her father died .
apparently his lack of any morals is all her fault .
eventually jill confesses her own lack of morals and near adultery to sean -- and of course that 's all her fault too , as far as sean is concerned .
the little family decides to go on a camping trip -- which means more whining and grousing among them , especially from the spoiled daughter .
i was so rooting for the stalker to get everybody , but jill.3 stars
shortly after seeing this film i questioned the mental competence of every actor and actress that accepted a role .
elizabeth shue is a commendable actress , why would she embrace such an overrated opportunity ?
i must give credit where credit is due , though .
some moments in the movie were unpredictable and rather transfixing , but they hardly made up for the scathing perverse tendencies of kevin bacon 's character , sebastian caine .
i would n't recommend this movie to anyone , man or woman , that has any form of self - respect to account for .
a difficult film to categorize .
i was never giving it 110 % concentration & consequently as simple as the plot appeared
i could n't say for certain exactly who was doing what amongst the american fbi characters & what their roles were .
nor could i take the irwins seriously as film characters when their lines & scenes were all in the style of one of his shows , not acted out .
this is nothing more than a glorified episode of a discovery tv show , with a largely insignificant sub plot going on , which just seemed to get in the way .
however as any irwin show is always worth a watch , this film is well worth a look too , but not on christmas day .
talking of which , i 've better things to do too than be on here .
a high 4/10
i saw " paris je t'aime " because a friend really wanted to see it
so i went along with him .
going in , i was indifferent about the film but leaving the theater
i really regretted wasting 2 hours of my life sitting through this tepid production .
the " stories " are almost completely forgettable except for the fact that most of them were awful .
what do gena rowlands and ben gazzara have to do with paris ?
the endless parade of american actors most definitely gave this french film a remarkably non - french feel .
the clichés about paris were endless .
yes , most of them were playing with clichés about paris but by spending so much time making fun of french clichés , they directly and regrettably promoted them once more .
yes , paris is the city of love .
we get it .
the worst segments were : the one directed by wes craven ( oscar wilde ) ; the one with nick nolte ; the mime one ( the worst ? ) ; the hair products one ; the one with juliette binoche ( willem dafoe as a cowboy in the middle of paris ? ) ; the vampire one ( when i think of paris i think of elijah wood ) .
the one with natalie portman , which really looked like a mentos commercial and it was stupid ( the blind young man should know portman was just playing a part when she called him ) .
on and on it went .
it felt endless .
i did n't like the coen bros one as well .
it really plays with those parisien clichés
but i did n't find it funny .
just annoying .
the gus van sant one was interesting
but it was so slight ( and the punchline was obvious ) that it barely registered .
there were only two " successful " segments and they were the one about the immigrant nanny who leaves her baby at a kindergarten only to babysit a baby for a rich woman .
nice irony there .
and the segment about the african who is stabbed .
it 's the best segment in the whole film but this segment has nothing to do with paris .
the story could have taken place in any city around the world .
the last segment , the one with the chubby middle aged woman was sorta interesting too but the underlying tone was bad .
they wanted to celebrate her limited grasp of french but the segment came off as being condescending .
the whole project felt forced and uninspired .
almost like the french government sponsored this film to promote tourism .
all in all , with only about 10 to 15 minutes of interesting stuff , " paris je t'aime " was an awful cinematic experience .
this movie seems to start in the middle , introduces peripheral players as if they were significant and presents main characters without any substance and paper - thin and/or impenetrable back - stories .
almost nobody has a credible or discernible motivation for their actions in this film .
the plot rambles and ultimately goes nowhere , the dialogue is clunky and trite and the director has little concept of how to get the best from his actors .
it almost feels like there 's a first half of this movie
but it never got made .
we're told that a mysterious pyramid has appeared over new york city and that central park has inexplicably become an arctic wasteland .
yet none of this seems to have caused much of a stir amongst the general population and is only of minimal concern to the government .
we're presented with the " evil corporation " in eugenics
but that 's really just a convenient conceit to populate the universe with a couple power - tripping minions .
the whole " eugenics - is - bad " double - entendre is heavy - handed and never really pans out here .
we 're supposed to care about the central characters but we never learn enough about them to know why .
so much about this world is underdeveloped or completely undeveloped that it comes off as a 1-hour , 40-minute fatalistic rationalization for rape .
on the " ground - breaking " digitally animated world created here , all i can say is that at about the same time as this film was made several other directors did the same thing with more seamless and believable results .
after spending the time to watch this film the most burning question left in my mind was , " so what ? "
ugh , what can i say other than , ugh .
i rented this film because it was labeled as a sequel to the original vampires .
this movie could not have been any lamer .
lacking not only in plot , but the acting is atrocious .
combined with some obvious plot holes makes this movie a very hard one to watch .
many times i questioned my own sanity at continuing to watch the film long after the plot had jumped the shark .
here 's a sampling of the lamer aspects ...
***spoilers***professional " slayer " insists on sleeping outdoors by himself at night .
he wakes up to a woman crying , sitting no more than 3 feet from him in the middle of nowhere .
he immediately goes to comfort her without questioning her sudden appearance .
she goes from crying to seducing him , and he lets it happen with obvious results ...
one of the main characters is zoe , was bitten by a vampire , but as long as she takes these " experimental pills " she got in mexico city
, she 's fine , although her body temperature is below room temperature ...
guard outside of monastery where hero is staying the night is killed by vampires , hero leaves the next day .
he then returns a day later only to be surprised that the vampires attacked the monastery the night after he left ...... avoid this movie .
not an altogether bad start for the program -- but what a slap in the face to real law enforcement .
the worst part of the series is that it attempts to bill itself as reality fare -- and is anything but .
men and women that dedicate their lives to the enforcement of laws deserve better than this .
what is next , medical school in a minute ?
charo performing lipo ?
charles grodin assisting on a hip replacement ?
c'mon ... show a little respect .
even the citizens of muncie are outing the program as staged .
police academy =
high school gym ?
poor editing ( how many times can they use the car - to - car shot of the taco bell in the background ? ) , cheesy siren effects ( the same loop added ad nauseum to every ' call ' whether rolling code or not ) , and last , but not least -- more officer safety issues than you could shake a stick at .
if i want to see manufactured police work and wise - ass fake cops , i would watch reno 911 .
the only reason i 'm giving this movie a 2 instead of a 1 is because tom hanks is funny as an elvis - in - the - box .
apart from that , how did this halfway decent cast sign on to do such a lame movie ? ?
maybe it seemed like a good idea at the time ...
there are no laughs to mention , the stereotypes are pathetic , the cast is wasted , the direction is amateurish .
now that i think about it , most of the blame probably lies with the director , joel zwick .
he brings out nothing but flat performances from all involved .
do n't waste your time like i did ;
but then , i enjoy a good train wreck .
geez , now the system is telling me i need more lines-- here
ya go :
this movie should be called return to sender .
okay , now that was funnier than anything in the movie ...
this film , although not totally bad , should have been filmed where the actual events took place .
grand island , nebraska was devastated by no less than seven tornados on the night of june 3 , 1980 .
grand island is situated in the nearly treeless , flat platte river valley in hall county .
the makers of this movie filmed in the tree covered hills of ontario and moved the whole event to a non - existant town called blainsworth .
the people of grand island bravely survived this awful night only to be forgotten because of a poorly made movie .
this film had a lot of promise , and the plot was relatively interesting , however the actors , director and editors seriously let this film down .
i feel bad for the writers , it could have been good .
the acting is wooden , very few of the characters are believable .
who ever edited this clearly just learnt some new edit techniques and wanted to splash them all over the film .
there are lots of quick ' flashy ' edits in almost every scene , which are clearly meant to be symbolic but just end up as annoying .
i wanted to like this film and expected there to be a decent resolution to the breakdown of equilibrium
but alas
no , it left me feeling like i 'd wasted my time
and the film makers had wasted their money .
i love these actors , but they were wasted in this flick .
i can only wonder , what were they thinking agreeing to this
crap???debra winger just phoned it in ; dennis quaid and arliss howard were caricatures .
some people thought it was deep .
well , if you liked " breaking the waves " , you 'll probably like this too .
i hated both .
wow , how bad can it get .
this was seriously bad .
not in terms of the gore - which was mainly laughable cgi - but in acting , atmosphere and direction .
the story was dreadful - the character arc of the main lead was a total joke .
within a few nights of stalking vinnie jones , he starts to become ' haunted ' to the point of crying when photographing his girlfriend .
um ... are all new york photographers this childish , suggestible and weak ?
his character development had absolutely no justification or point whatsoever - and by the very end you 'll be laughing out loud at the utterly predictable , and totally absurd twist his character takes .
the gory moments were clearly just a weak , low - self - esteemed effort to jump onto the modern mtv style gore wagon - all cgi , blood yet no real emotion whatsoever .
these parts were unintentionally funny - and distracting by their self - consciousness - wacky camera angles etc .
overall this film commits the crime of blowing another potential idea .
what could have had atmosphere ( until the stupid monsters at the end ) is ruined in favour of ' look at me'style self - conscious directing .
this film was n't made for and audience - it was made for a cv - a deeply selfish motive .
this movie made it into one of my top 10 most awful movies .
horrible .
there was n't a continuous minute where there was n't a fight with one monster or another .
there was no chance for any character development , they were too busy running from one sword fight to another .
i had no emotional attachment ( except to the big bad machine that wanted to destroy them )
scenes were blatantly stolen from other movies , lotr , star wars and matrix .
examples
the ghost scene at the end was stolen from the final scene of the old star wars with yoda , obee one and vader .
the spider machine in the beginning was exactly like frodo being attacked by the spider in return of the kings .
( elijah wood is the victim in both films ) and wait ......
it hypnotizes ( stings ) its victim and wraps them up .....
uh hello????>and the whole machine vs. humans theme was the matrix .. or terminator .....
there are more examples but why waste the time ?
and will someone tell me what was with the nazi 's ? ! ? !
nazi 's ? ? ?
there was a juvenile story line rushed to a juvenile conclusion .
the movie could not decide if it was a children 's movie or an adult movie and was n't much of either .
just awful .
a real disappointment to say the least .
save your money .
like most people i was intrigued when i heard the concept of this film , especially the " film makers were then attacked " aspect that the case seems to emphasize , what with the picture on the cover of the film makers being chased by an angry mob .
then , to watch the film and discover , oh , what they mean by " the film makers were attacked " was some kids threw rocks at a sign and a number of people complained loudly and said " someone should beat those two kids up .
the picture on the cover , " the chase " as it were ?
total fabrication .
which i guess ties in with the theme of the film , lying and manipulation to satisfy vain , stupid children with more money and time then sense .
i have no idea what great truth the viewer is supposed to take away from this film .
it 's like michael moore 's " roger & me " , but if " roger & me " was moore mocking the people of flint .
it 's completely misdirected and totally inane .
can you believe that people who suffered under the yoke of communism would be really excited to have markets full of food ?
what jerks !
and it 's not so much , " look at the effects of capitalism and western media blah blah blah " ,
since it was n't just that their fake market had comparable prices to the competitors , it was that , as many people in the film say , the prices were absurdly low , someone mentions that they should 've known it was fake by how much they were charging for duck .
that 's not proving anything except that people who are poor , will go to a store that has low prices , bravo fellas , way to stick it to the people on the bottom .
way to play a stupid practical joke on elderly people .
you should be very proud .
how about for your next movie you make a documentary about iraq and show how people there will get really excited for a house without bullet holes in the walls and then , say , " haha !
no such house exists !
your so stupid and loved to be lied to by the media!" .
morgan " please like me
" spurlock unleashed this wet fart of a film
and it 's no surprise since spurlock as one hit wonder prince of the documentary world seems to throw his weight behind any silly sounding concept to stay relevant in a world that really has no need of him .
avoid like the plague .
i began watching this movie with my girl - friend .
and after 5 minutes i was alone .
i succeed to stay until the end .
it has been a painful experience .
i liked jean hugues anglade , but i think that he needed to eat , as us , and thus he accepted to play in this movie .
there are only 5 characters , and the rest could be called ' art ' or something that i could n't express , but that i did n't understand at all .
the only worst movie i saw was crash , but i 'm pretty sure now that i have enough experience to watch it successfully
again.good
luck ! !
reviews for this film were lukewarm at best while expectations were sky high : a big budget , tons of popular faces , a rather funny idea and a main actress everyone loves .
the end result is a disaster .
alice tremblay 's supposedly humorous journey in fantasy world fails in every way to entertain it 's audience
( i did n't hear a single laugh throughout the entire presentation ) , going through it 's page - thin story line and one - dimensional characters without a single spark , not a sign of the magic it wished it had .
the 90 minutes of film here are sterile with clumsy direction and some good actors doing their best to come of as professionals in a feature that certainly could n't seem that great an idea on the set , let alone on paper . '
l'odyssée d'alice tremblay ' is a collage of comic sketches , linked together with a ( very ) thin layer of good ideas .
avoid or boredom will haunt you .
i have never understood the appeal of this show .
the acting is poor
( debra jo rupp being a notable exception ) , the plots of most episodes are trite and uninspiring , the dialogue is weak , the jokes unfunny
and it is painful to try and sit through even half an episode .
furthermore the link between this show and the ' 70s ' is extremely tenuous beyond the style of dress and the scenery and background used for the show
-it seems to be nothing more than a modern sitcom with the same old unfunny , clichéd scripts that modern sitcoms have dressed up as depicting a show from twenty years ago in the hope that it will gain some nostalgic viewers or something like that .
both " happy days " and " the wonder years " employ the same technique much more effectively and are actually a pleasure to watch in contrast to this horrible , pathetic excuse for a show
this film should have been only 10 minutes .
i mean there is really only 10 minute worth of watchable content in this thing
( i even hesitate to call it a movie ) .
the opening credits of the film was somehow promising .
as the film begins by short comments of the man himself , you really rub your hands and stay tuned for more footage from cohen 's life .
well , nick cave does a reasonable job covering one of cohen 's famous songs .
the length of cave 's performance makes you even more eager to see more of cohen whose wit and well spoken words have already tickled your fancy .
but as it turns out cave 's performance is only the start of lengthy super boring performances by literally a bunch of no ones who do n't even have a minimal attraction to keep you on your seat .
i mean what does the filmmaker really think ?
five - minute close - up shots of wanna be singers in a fake concert in australia ! ! !
what does the filmmaker really think to insult the audience by adding " fake applause " to these endless nasty performances .
the film is a perfect torture that shows you very little of what you came to see .
there is not a single footage of cohen 's past .
in fact , except for a few photographs of his early days as a singer / poet there is absolutely nothing !
if you add up all the minutes that cohen talks it may not even reach 10 minutes .
but these 10 minutes are tortuously presented bit by bit in between disastrous camera - work that captures some of the most unattractive people screaming cohen 's lyrics .
if you ever decided to waste your money on this film , don't ! just throw it in the garbage and at least save your time .
this third darkman was definitely better than the second one , but still far worse than the original movie .
what made this one better than d2 was the fact that the bad guy had been changed and durant was not brought back again .
furthermore there was actually some hint of character development when it came to the bad guy 's family and darkman himself .
this made my heart soften and i gave this flick as much as 4/10 ,
i.e. * * /
* * * * * .
for the life of me i can not understand the blind hype and devotion to this totally unbelievable movie ......
and i think i have the qualifications to say
so ....
i am a former special operations soldier with 14 years in the " lifestyle " ...
this movie was totally totally unreal and obviously written by someone that did very little research into life in the army , in combat or at a team or platoon level .
three eod guys trouncing around bagdad on their own ? ? ? ? ?
get real ...
no chain of command ? ?
? ? get real ...
eod clearing buildings ? ? ?
real ....
eod/ military intelligence / sniper qualified buck sergeant ?
? get real ....
wait ...
i shot and killed a bad guy and then let two guys take me without firing another shot or being injured at all ? ? ? ?
get real ....
i carjack an iraqi civilian , while i am only armed with a 9 mil , break into another civilians house , get punked by his wife then make it back to camp on foot in the middle of bagdad at night without as so much as a scratch or confrontation ? ? ? ?
get real ...
there is absolutely no adherence to military protocol { army } and no resemblance at all to any army unit that i have even encountered .
totally unbelievable and disrespectful to the men and women of eod who contrary to this poor film are not wild adrenaline seeking yahoos but extremely qualified professionals doing an incredibly hard job .
in spite of sterling work by the supporting actors , and an intelligent script by alan plater , this film suffers from a fatal flaw - the lack of charm of the central character / actor .
one of the characters describes richard e grant 's character as " a whining little turd " and unfortunately this sums him up perfectly .
there is nothing about him or his performance to make it credible that his girlfriend and upper - class publisher / friend would spend so much time and emotional effort on him .
he is rude , arrogant , selfish , self - destructive and thoroughly annoying .
the part called for an actor who can make you love him even when he is being a prate - a ewan mcgregor , for example .
all of the witty satire on the class system etc was wasted , thanks to this irritating and thoroughly unlikeable performance .
all i wanted to do was shake him and tell him to get over himself .
i was dreading taking my nephews to this movie , as i did n't think it was going to be well done .
the kids , ages 6 and 10 were set on seeing it , so i caved .
i must admit that it was not nearly as bad as i had thought , but was still a far cry from the book .
the movie seemed right on with the 10 year old 's understanding and sense of humor .
i found that the 6 year old understood what was going on
and he was presenting solutions to the issues that were taking place .
i eventually had to explain that sometimes the movies do n't show the best solutions to the problems because it is more fun to watch what happens if they make the " silly " or " stupid " choices .
considering the original film version of ' the haunting " is in my top ten films of all time '
i approached this adaption with trepidation .
i was right to be cautious as this film is a poorly written and badly executed load of old tosh , all those involved should be ashamed .
the original was terrifying to me as a child for one reason !
you see nothing .
robert wise used innovative camera - work and superb lighting to generate fear and this is why it work 's .
the shame of the new version is that it relies on clever special effects and pyrotechnics to get from a to b , sadder still is that the ingredients were there ( actors such as liam neeson , catherine zeta jones ) to do something different .
this film should only watched as an example of studio butchery !
my roommates & i nearly shorted out our tv from the numerous spit - takes we did while watching this hilarious piece of 1970s
self important pseudo - zen dreck .
i 'd read about this campfest for ages and scanned my local late night tv listings for years in search of this elusive turd .
several years ago our local abc affiliate was known for showing cool flicks for its late night weekend flick ( ie " frogs " , " night of the lepus " , etc ) .
then one day it happened : at 1:40am on a saturday night ( over 5 years ago ) there it was !
we had over 15 folks over and the flick did not disappoint!see !
andy griffith as the silliest & most unthreatening bad guy since jaye davidson in " stargate"!see !
william shatner sport a variety of things atop his head that only faintly resemble human hair ( or anything organic for that matter).hear !
jaw droppingly inane 1970s psychobabble that makes " chicken soup
for the soul " sound like bf skinnerfeel !
content that any decade was better than the 70s .
for those still reading ... the plot surrounds a bunch of middle class mid level a -- holes who decide to suck up to their s --- head boss ( griffith ) by joining him on a cross dessert race that spans california & mexico .
they all wear leather jackets , looking more christopher street than anything else .
along the way they stop at a cantina , get drunk , smoke joints (
the sight robert " mike brady " reed smoke a joint is an image you wo n't soon forget ) , start a fight , attempt rape , and just act like a bunch of suburban middle class jack offs .
although i have an excellent copy that i taped off tv
i wish this one would be released on video so the whole world could enjoy its half baked goofiness .
i loved the first two movies , but this movie was just a waste of time and money ( for me and the studio ) .
i 'm still wondering why they made this horrible movie .
the thing with the plastic gun and with the toy car , that can go into another house are ridiculous .
joe pesci and daniel stern in the first two movies were so funny , but the terrorists in this one are so stupid and not funny .
believe me this movie is just a waste of time .
it was hard to watch this film and be totally fair and objective since i am a big fan the original 1944 movie .
that , to me and many others , is one of the greatest film noirs ever made .
realizing this is simply a shortened made - for - tv film and that most people had trashed it , i did n't expect much , but you ca n't help but compare this with the ' 44 film .
scene after scene , i found myself comparing what i was looking at it , and remembering how it played out with fred macmurray , barbara stanwyck , edward g. robinson and others .
now i was seeing these famous actors playing their famous roles replaced by richard crenna , samantha eggar and lee j. cobb .
when it was all over , i found it was n't as bad as i had expected
but it 's no match for the 1944 original .
the two main areas in which this made - for - tv film was n't as good were ( 1 )
the electricity between the two leads was missing and ( 2 ) being only 90 minutes , they rushed the story with hardly time to develop the plot , characters and chemistry between those leads .
crenna and eggar were flat , and simply no match for macmurray and stanwyck as " walter neff " and " phyllis dietrichson , " respectively .
where this re - make held its own was in the other characters , such as " barton keyes " and " edward norton .
" cobb was terrific as keyes and robert webber as norton , head of the insurance company .
it also was somewhat interesting to see the time frame changed , so the houses , cars , telephones , dictating machines , etc . , were all early ' 70s instead of mid ' 40s .
otherwise , the storyline was very similar , just rushed .
however , one viewing was enough and i will happily go back to the original version for the rest of my viewings of this classic story and film .
for years i remember reading about this show " trouble with tracy " in the tv guide .
cfto - tv toronto every saturday morning at 6 am !
i lived about a two - hour drive north of toronto and we could n't get cfto , but you know how it is - we always want what we ca n't have .
well , i knew what i wanted and
what i wanted was to see what this " trouble with tracy " was all about .
did it have a beautiful girl in the starring role ?
was there nudity ?
was there suspense ?
was it a comedy ?
it would 've been fine if there was some promotion of the show .
at least i could 've known what i was missing .
but , no !
the mystery drove me bonkers , until ctv affiliate ckco built a re - transmitter in wiarton , ontario and began to broadcast " trouble with tracy " at the same time as cfto ....
saturday mornings at 6 am ! !
one saturday morning i got up and turned the tv on at 5:59
and at last i got to see what " the trouble with tracy " was .
yes , the " trouble with tracy " was that it was canadian content and stuck in the harmless 6 am spot
so no one would ever see how awful it was .
talented canadian actor steve weston died a few years afterward , but many would argue he effectively " died " the first time he appeared on this show .
when i saw it for the first time that cold saturday morning and fell despondent back into my bed , part of me died , too .
i do n't know what it was about this film that made me react so viscerally against it .
perhaps it was the characters who so unlikable and were not compelling enough to care about .
perhaps it was the disorganized storyline .
perhaps it was the fact that rob lowe wore a long dangly earring and eyeliner .
perhaps it was because at some point in the movie they all break out in song .
perhaps it was because the 1980s were never that 80s .
perhaps it was because everything was a garish hyperbole .
perhaps it was because a character pumps his fist while driving away from the camera during a fade out .
i do n't know what it was that made me hate it so , but if it means trying to watch it again
i 'm not willing to find out .
i saw this movie the other night
and i have to honestly say it 's one of the worst films i 've ever seen .
the acting is fair , but the plot is totally ridiculous .
a killer is born because of all the " energy used to make the movie " and if the film is burned the killer will die ?
how unbelievable is that ?
the characters were underdeveloped to say the least ...
for example , all of a sudden the man mentions " are n't you trying to complete the film because your mother could n't ? "
so we 're supposed to go along with this ?
we had no idea
it was her daughter until half way through the film .
the movie really did n't spotlight on anyone , we did n't know anything about the main people who survived except ringwald 's character was a whiney actress , the guy was on the set when the people died and raffy wanted to be a director like her mother .
not truly diving in to know who they are .
seemed things were rushed to just get to the killings .
the whole plot is entirely too weak for my taste
and i was extremely disappointed .
anyone who enjoyed this piece of crap , obviously needs to learn a thing or two about film making .
i ca n't believe anyone would agree to star or even work on this picture .
it 's not funny , it was not scary and was cliche through the entire film .
i found myself predicting what would happen before each scene , which believe you me was n't hard at all to do .
it 's a disgrace
and i 'm deeply sorry
i wasted an hour and a half watching the mess .
1/10 .
the subject is certainly compelling : a group of people take their love of gaming one step further by creating a fake medieval world full of warriors , kings , princes and castles .
wargaming is an interesting phenomena that delves into our collective need to " escape " from reality and the sometimes mundaneness of our existence -- something almost everyone can relate to .
the characters are the predictable mix of lord of the rings nerds and star trek enthusiasts .
that 's enough to get most people to watch .
however , very quickly the film turns into an insider 's view of wargaming with an almost stereotypical thumbing of the nose to viewers who " do n't get it " .
the filmmakers seem to take the subject of wargaming , and this particular one , waaaaay too seriously rather than once in awhile recognizing the humor and fun in making a film about adults drssing up in medieval gear and pounding each other with foam swords .
it 's pretty hard for anyone who does n't sit on their computer for 7 - 10 hours a day playing games or desiging the latest star destroyer to understand what the characters are talking about and why we should even care .
however , the filmmakers themselves seem not to care choosing to focus solely on the subject of the game itself rather than building a strong narrative with a clear story that anyone can understand .
moreover , the characters themselves are not that compelling and you quickly become bored of them :
a big no - no when you 're trying to keep people 's attention for 90 minutes .
unfortunately there was not a 0 for a rating or else i would 've chosen it .
this movie lacks the star power that the original movie had in such abundance .
carol burnett , albert finney , tim curry , bernadette peters , edward hermann , the innocence of newcomer aileen quinn , and expert directing from seasoned pro john huston ( father of actress angelica huston)is
what made this film so charming .
even the 1999 remake with kathy bates , victor garber , alan cumming , and kristin chenoweth had more to offer than this sorry excuse for a sequel .
before she did this movie
all ashley johnson was known for was her role as little chrissie seaver on the prime time show growing pains .
she had a few bit parts in movies
but i do n't know who thought she had talent enough to carry a movie on her own .
and adding joan collins as lady edwina hogbottom , ridiculous !
they could n't get good enough actors to play the major roles like daddy warbucks , miss hannigan , and annie
but they will sign joan collins to play some british lady ?
it does n't surprise me that this movie was as bad as it was .
the critics were right to have not agreed with this movie , even if it was only made for tv , it was a poor sequel to an otherwise lovable movie .
at least i was able to enjoy mocking the movie which is surprising since i was barely able to sit through it .
in all honesty , my guess is the cover to the dvd case cost more than the entire movie .
and saying that it is the same director as the boogeyman , when a new version of that just came out ... nice touch guys , it was misleading enough to rope me in .
the only thing that frustrated me more than the insufferable acting of the copycat was his haircut .
usually you only see that kind of hair on a ten year old boy and the character acted like it .
the film looks like it was shot by a d+ grad student of some film school excited to use every film technique he ever learned while attending classes ....
sometimes , less is more buddy .
through out i would get lost by random plot twists that led nowhere or were unexplained .
all this makes a bad movie but when the ending does n't even come close to pulling it together , well , that makes it an exceptionally bad movie .
without a doubt this is the worst movie i have ever seen , and that includes my friends ' french final video for senior year of high school , but hey maybe i 'm a bit biased ,
i mean i did get to play an extra .
i do n't even think this deserves a star ... not even a half .
none for you ! !
this film was totally not what i expected .
if this film was called something else no one would even notice the difference between the two .
its really strange because i can not see the point .
the prequel and sequel lets just say do n't make sense , the do n't even match .
maybe i am naive but ai n't a vol 1 & vol 2 meant to match up .
carlito was in jail in the 1st one and dies in the original , and in the prequel he lives and do n't go jail .
the plot was ok , but they should have changed round some actors and some of the story line and the name of the film and it would have been a good film .i
really expected it to end like the other one started .
if some one has a opinion on this post it please .
i rented this back in the 80 's and honestly ca n't remember anything specific about the movie - only that it is the worst movie i have ever seen .
this is n't one of those " it was so bad , it was funny " .
this is n't one of those
" it was so gory , it leaves you with a bad feeling " movies .
it was n't even one of those " what the heck was that ?
" movies .
i ca n't recall the performance of the actors , but it was poorly shot , the story was disjointed , and it had no definable style .
when it was over , i was angry that i had wasted the time .
i've seen plenty of movies i did n't understand because of unfamiliar cultures , styles and/or story - telling , but it was clear that those movies had some of those properties .
the incubus has none .
i actually contemplated not making a comment on this " piece " for fear that someone may watch it out of curiosity , but i am compelled to warn anyone who appreciates film to skip this movie .
i awake suddenly , aware that i 'm drooling onto the plastic couch cover , and realize it 's a warm saturday afternoon .
why was i sleeping ?
did i hit my head ?
or accidentally swallow all of my grandma 's muscle relaxers ?
could it be adult onset narcolepsy ?
no , i momentarily paused on cheap seats while channel surfing , and the stunning lack of humor and talent drained my life force with such speed that i blacked out .
it 's that head - shaking , mouth - agape , shoulder - shrugging bad .
but i have to give these moronic and boring twins credit for selling this idea through .
perhaps they had the same effect on the espn programming executive that they had on me , and
when he /
she woke up , a few horrendous episodes were already in the can
and he / she hoped that since all the viewers will be asleep , no one will now how awful it is and he /
she can keep the $ 425,000 annual salary .
you've been warned .
" cia codename : alexa " is an absolute horrible rip off of luc besson 's classic film " la femme nikita"(1990 ) .
the film is basically about a woman who is taken in and trained by the cia and is forced to do a secret mission for them .
( pretty much the same story structure of la femme nikita )
the acting combo of lorenzo lamas and o.j. simpson is perhaps the worst in cinema history .
lamas ' " acting " is simply a bad steven segal impersonation .
watching orenthal act in this film is an excruciating experience .
the writing and acting is so poor in this film
at times it is laughable .
there are so many action movie " conventions " in the film it is ridiculous : unnecessary car explosions , people flying thru glass windows , terrorists , bad ponytails , etc .
the musical score resembles david michael frank 's score for " hard to kill " ( 1990 ) , which furthers the steven segal theme of this movie .
there is plenty of martial arts in the film , and it is pretty well done for a low budget american production .
the mindless action and over the top acting never lets up , and i have to admit i was mildly entertained .
lorenzo lamas had the look of an action star back in the early 90 's but he is certainly no action star
, that is why he is doing soap operas and not action blockbusters .
my recommendation is that you skip " cia codename : alexa " and check out " la femme nikita " instead .
i just watched this movie today and not only is it , terrible and awful
but it looks like the director just got a few friends together to make a movie about a sick man .
i also think that this movie has the look of a porn video with
it 's clear crisp just filmed view .
thank heavens i work in a video store
and i did n't have to pay for it cause this movie is crap x infinity ..
do not buy or rent this movie ! !
! ! ! you 'd have a better time watching dude
where 's my car than this piece of crap !
and that 's not saying a lot for that movie either .
the acting is lousy and the movie is just very unwatchable .
i was watching this movie
and i wanted to kill myself during and after the movie .
i walked home and threw up after watching this piece of dirt movie , i then took a shower and burnt my clothes .
if i had half a mind i would of took the movie outside and burned it too cause no one should be subjected to it ...
well maybe members of al queda .. especially the ones we have in custody and also child rapists who are in prison on life sentences with out parole ....
just make a set up like a clock work orange , and then force these cheese head to watch it over and over again .
a pot - boiler if ever i saw one .
a supposed thriller borrowing from " a time to kill " , " silence of the lambs " , even an inverted " in the heat of the night " with a little reverse murder , a la " strangers on a train " thrown in , it fails abysmally where all the above , to a large degree , succeeded .
namely , in delivering thrills .
the plot seems condensed from a bigger book , making the plot developments obvious and uninvolving , while the direction lacks pace and verve .
to rein in any kudos , a major twist had to be delivered along the way and here it fails palpably too .
connery is clearly slowing down in his old age , barely bothering with his attempt at a us accent and besides seems too old to be the husband of hope lange and the father of those gosh - darn kids of his .
he even has a father in law who seems younger than him .
laurence fishburne barely gets the chance to inhabit his role and you 're confused from the outset as to whether he 's a bad guy or a good guy .
someone once said that flashbacks should n't lie - they do , confusedly , here .
the rest of the playing is merely average by a reasonable cast in their underwritten stereotyped roles .
the supposed climax managed too , to roll by leaving me firmly entrenched in the back , not as should have been the aim , front edge of my seat .
mediocre sloppy hollywood film making for sure .
forest of the damned starts out as five young friends , brother & sister emilio ( richard cambridge ) & ally ( sophie holland ) along with judd ( daniel maclagan ) , molly ( nicole petty ) & andrew ( david hood ) , set off on a week long holiday ' in the middle of nowhere ' , their words not mine .
anyway , before they know it they 're deep in a forest & emilio
clumsily runs over a woman ( frances da costa ) , along with a badly injured person to add to their problems the van they 're travelling in
wo n't start
& they ca n't get any signals on their mobile phones .
they need to find help quickly so molly & judd wander off in the hope of finding a house , as time goes by & darkness begins to fall
it becomes clear that they are not alone & that there is something nasty lurking in the woods ...
this english production was written & directed by johannes roberts & having looked over several other comments & reviews both here on the imdb & across the internet forest of the damned seems to divide opinion with some liking it & other 's not , personally it did n't do much for at all .
the script is credited on screen to roberts but here on the imdb it lists joseph london with ' additional screenplay material ' whatever that means , the film is your basic backwoods slasher type thing like the texas chainsaw massacre ( 1974 )
with your basic stranded faceless teenage victims being bumped off but uses the interesting concept of fallen angels who roam the forest & kill people for reason that are never explained to any great deal of satisfaction .
then there 's stephen , played by the ever fantastic tom savini , who is never given any sort of justification for what he does .
is he there to get victims for the angels ?
if so why did he kill andrew by bashing his head in ?
the story is very loose , it never felt like a proper film .
the character 's are poor , the dialogue not much better & the lack of any significant story makes it hard to get into it or care about anything that 's going on .
having said that it moves along at a reasonable pace & there are a couple of decent scenes here .
director johannes does n't do anything special , it 's not a particularly stylish or flash film to look at .
there 's a few decent horror scenes & the tom savini character is great whenever he 's on screen ( although why did n't he hear judd breaking the door down with an axe while escaping with molly ? )
& it 's a shame when he gets killed off .
there are a couple of decent gore scenes here , someone has their head bashed in , there 's a decapitation , someone gets shotgun blasted , someone throat is bitten out , someones lips are bitten off & someone is ripped in half .
there is also a fair amount of full frontal female nudity , not that it helps much .
technically forest of the damned is ok
, it 's reasonably well made but nothing overly special or eye - catching .
this was shot in england & wales
& it 's quite odd to see an english setting for a very american themed backwards horror .
the acting is generally pretty poor save for savini who deserves to be in better than this .
horror author shaun hutson has an embarrassing cameo at the end & proves he should stick to writing rather than acting .
forest of the damned was a pretty poor horror film , it seems to have fans out there
so maybe i 'm missing something
but it 's not a film i have much fondness for .
apart from one or two decent moments there 's not much here to recommend .
colleges , high schools , fraternities and sororities have been the most popular stalking grounds for maniacal madmen since the slasher cycle first became a popular cinema culture throughout the late seventies .
even backwoods cabins and campsites have rode shotgun to the amount of massacres that have taken place on campuses since halloween categorised the genre as a cult horror category .
from early entries like to all a good night right up until the big budgeted schlock of titles like urban legend or schools out , there 's usually always been a campus slasher lurking somewhere in the pipeline .
despite being picked up by troma - the titans of b movie badness  splatter university was heavily panned upon release and never really found an audience .
even notorious hack and slash websites like hysteria - lives have written off richard haines ' splatter yarn as one of the worst of the early eighties boom .
i always approach criticised movies optimistically because there 's often the chance than a few bad reviews can be unfairly contagious like a dose of the flu , which crowds the judgement of certain authors .
it begins in traditional fashion at the place where any maniac worth his salts emerges .
yep you guessed it  an insane asylum !
it seems that one of the inmates has decided that he 's unhappy with the level of service at the institution and therefore he 's looking to take his business elsewhere .
the unseen nut - job makes his break after stabbing an unfortunate orderly where the sun certainly does n't shine .
he obviously favours the dress sense of the murdered worker , so he takes the liberty of borrowing his uniform , blood stained trousers and all!three
years later , we transfer to st trinians college , an educational establishment that is controlled by catholic priests .
a teacher is busy after hours marking her students work when all of a sudden there 's a knock at the door .
before she has a chance to find out what the unseen visitor wants , he stabs her in the chest with a kitchen knife and she falls to the floor in a bloody heap .
this of course means that there 's a vacancy at the university
and so we 're introduced to julie parker ( francine forbes ) , the lovable replacement for the recently departed lecturer .
it seems that her arrival has inadvertently given the resident maniac all the motivation that he needs to go on a no holds barred slaughter - thon .
before long students and teachers alike are dropping like flies to the camera shy menace as he stalks the corridors and local areas armed with an exceptionally large blade .
suspicious suspects abound , but can professor parker solve the mystery of the campus murderer before she becomes just another statistic ?
i 'm not precisely sure how many versions of this movie are available .
the uk altered video was released under the alias of campus killings , but the us copy that i own states that it 's the complete unedited edition , which could mean that there is a censored print floating about somewhere ?
i 'd be fairly surprised if that was the case as splatter university certainly is n't as gore - delicious as the hyperbole packaging would lead you to believe .
one or two litres of corn syrup certainly do n't stand up to gore hound 's scrutiny when compared to the likes of blood rage or pieces , so in this instance the movie is somewhat over hyped .
one thing that many critics have failed to mention is the charming lead performance from francine forbes , who ends up carrying the entire picture on her shoulders throughout the 79-minute running time .
despite amateurish direction from richard haines she still unveils some magnificent potential that should have lead to the chance of another stab at serious acting under a more accomplished helmer .
unfortunately that possibility never came , and bottom of the barrel bombs like death ring and splitz certainly did n't help to nurture a talent that could have improved dramatically under the right scholarship .
the rest of the cast members were par for the course of movie obscurity , especially the wooden plank teenagers who for some strange reason acted like they were auditioning for a remake of grease or the wanderers .
the bog standard point and shoot direction could n't have helped to build much confidence in the project and
the fact that the few signs of potential were undermined by the clumsy handling of the script writer left the feature effectively unredeemable .
perhaps the only claim of originality to be found in haines ' slasher is the brave attempt for the contrasting conclusion .
let 's just say that it 's not a final that i was expecting to witness in a movie that was so typical of the cycle .
at one point in the runtime , one of the teens says , " man that parker bores me to tears 
" well the same can be said for splatter university , which never lifts the pace above slow motion .
with that said though , francine forbes made for a delectable scream queen and undoubtedly one that i would have paid to watch again in a similar role .
so that pretty much sums up this un - troma - tising ride .
slow paced , shoddy but still strangely alluring ; you 'd have to be especially forgiving to give it a chance 
this is pretty much the first jason scott lee film i 've seen .
i say pretty much , because i have also seen soldier , in which he plays the villain ...
but from what i 've heard , it 's not considered a jason scott lee film .
this , however , is .
and if this is any indication of the quality of such films , i wo n't be seeing any of the others .
lee is basically passable as a martial arts artist ...
as the lead , he 's awful .
he gets in a fight with random no - name characters every few minutes of the film , probably because the script writer could n't figure out how else to stretch out the film to the minimum required running time for a feature film .
the villain is the only character with even a hint of personality , and aside from the fact that he 's certifiably insane , he barely seems like a villain at all .
the majority of the film is basically lee chasing the villain through time ... or maybe it 's the other way around .
i ca n't say for sure ...
and i definitely would n't watch it again to make sure .
the effects are not completely horrible ...
but it 's close .
the title comes from the popular idea of using a time - machine to go and kill hitler .
somehow , the film screws up that interesting idea as well .
the plot is too complicated for its own good .
the pacing is poor .
i ca n't think of one positive thing to say about this film ...
i really ca n't .
it 's simply too formulaic and pointless .
if only i had a time - machine , so i could go back and prevent this film from ever being made ...
no , never mind .
i just hope as few fragile minds are exposed to this as possible .
listen to the negative reviewers .
avoid this turkey .
i recommend this to fans of lee , and no one else .
if you 're looking for a quality film ...
well , this is n't it .
that 's for sure .
i wo n't mention any of the plot , because , although it would be highly predictable anyway , the one notable plot twist is given away everywhere , in the movie comments , in the plot summary here , and even in the synopsis on my netflix envelope .
i might have enjoyed it more if i had n't known that .
maybe .
this film has a deceptively good cast , most of whom did creditable acting with the rather limited material at hand , including donald sutherland , lesley ann warren , and tia carrere and rosemary dunsmore in smaller parts .
it was impossible to like william mcnamara , but that was clearly by design .
and there were a couple of quick nude scenes by the callipygian lenore zann .
but none of this brings the slightest recommendation from me .
do n't any of these fine actors actually read these scripts before signing on ?
if you like films that ramble with little plot exposition spiced with kinky sex , this film is for you .
on the plus side the lead actor / actress ( newcomer transsexual ) does have an interesting screen presence , but not enough to add up to much more than a mildly interesting movie - if that .
essentially this film is about 3 social outcasts ( transexual prostitute , male hustler , and russian , gay immigrant ) who somehow have developed a bond .
why is not clear .
we are expected to accept these misfits are at the core basic honest people who have the ability to love while they hustle their bodies on the street .
right ! !
and anna nicole smith was truly in love with her ninety something sugar daddy !
the filmmaker shows a gritty , unpleasant side of life while wanting us to believe underneath it all these seriously damaged people are really quite normal to the extent they have a menage a trois which helps them through life .
quite a fantasy , but unfortunately portrayed here as real look of life on the wild side .
in sum , no plot , no truth and no real reason to spend much time here .
unless of course you just like to revel in the kink ! ! !
this movie was way over - hyped .
a lot of the viewers , who thought this was " amazing " must have been into the old school movies , cause the whole movie is set in the past .
at first i thought the movie was just showing something from the past , so i was expecting that faded dreamy like lighting on the characters to pass , but it just going .
basically this was a movie trying to mix the future with the past , and the 2 do n't mix very well in this movie , even with special effects .
you could actually see the blue screen the actors were working with .
there are too many movies out there that do exactly what this movie did , so there is no reason for critics to hype this movie up saying " it 's the greatest movie ever done " .
it 's just crap on a stick .
it also did n't help that the story line was sooo crappy .
i do n't understand why hollywood agreed to have this movie produced , and i also do n't understand how actors / actresses in this movie are willing to be in a movie like this .
it 's almost as though everybody read the script and forgot to read the fine print ...
"it will all be done on a computer " .
this was a movie that should have been on a movie network , because nothing about this movie was revolutionary .
i 'm very upset with myself for paying money to see this .
whatever you do , do n't waste your time and money on this movie today or tomorrow .
how did such a terrible script manage to attract this cast ?
ridiculous , predictable and thoroughly unbelievable , this is well - acted and slickly directed , but the material is so bad it still qualifies as one of the all - time worst thrillers i 've seen in years .
amazingly bad , and not in a fun way .
avoid at all costs , even if you 're a fan of someone in the cast .
my family and i screened underdog the night before .
and as bad as underdog is ( my four year old loved it ) , hot rod makes it look like oscar worthy material .
the only thing that could have saved this movie , was if evel himself had come out of retirement to slap samberg in the face for making this movie .
i will admit however , that the soundtrack was good .
i was n't sure if the movie was set in the 80 's , but with the majority of the music coming from europe ?
who knows .
if i were you , i would take a pass .
and just stay at home and watch the test pattern on your local tv station .
or if you are dead set on watching this , people under the influence might enjoy it .
prom night is about a girl named donna ( brittany snow ) who is being chased by a psycho killer trying to kill her at her prom night .
and by doing so killing her family , friends , and her enemies .
now before i begin let me say have you been tired of pg-13 horror movies that have n't been scary lately .
are you tired of stupid girl dialog '
oh my god ' and talking about girlish things .
and are you really tired of girls in relationships and then crying .
and the last thing are you tired of the us remaking asian , japanese , and chinese films .
that pretty much sums up prom night
but i 'm still not done with the review .
the only reason to see ' prom night ' is to crack a laugh at the kills .
if not , do n't see prom night .
you never see the kills an only hear screaming and you see some blood on the wall .
and by the way the deaths are repeating like 24/7 .
so not only are n't they scary
but it 's obnoxious .
by the time i met the cast
i think i was ready to hurl .
too much girl talk , too much guy talk , and lots of ' oh my gosh .
it 's our prom ' .
i understand it 's fun
but seriously is it too much to ask not to concentrate .
if i were to put prom night on the list of worst films of 2008 without seeing the other films i 'd be the first one too .
i 'm not going to be surprised if it gets released on dvd for cheap and quick .
seriously do n't spend your money or the time for dull acting , cheap scares , and a ' night to die for ' when watching the film.1 star out of 10 .
( p.s.
if i could give the film zero stars i would ) .
the only reason i saw " shakedown " was that it has erika eleniak in it .
she 's sexy as always , but she plays second fiddle to leading man wolf larson .
it 's a pity , because she has more action capabilities than she 's allowed to show here .
the film largely consists of endless shootouts that quickly become monotonous - especially when most of the time you are seeing the bad guys armed with machine guns constantly missing larson and him armed only with a revolver ( that never runs out of bullets )
taking them all out rather easily .
the earthquake effects are decent , but there is also a lot of blurry motion and poor cgi explosions .
as the psychotic " spiritual leader " , ron perlman tries , but the pseudo - religious mumbo - jumbo he has to spout is simply boring .
eleniak , perlman or larson ( assuming he has any ) completists might want to give this one a look , for others it is barely worth a rental .
( * 1/2 )
terminus paradis was exceptional , but " niki ardelean " comes too late .
we already have enough of this
and we want something new .
big directors should have no problems seeing beyond their time , not behind .
why people see romania only as a postrevolutionary country?we are just born not reincarnated , and nobody gives a s**t anymore about old times .
most people do nt remember or do nt want to remember , and the new generation of movie consumers do nt understand a bit .
this should be the first day of romanian movie not the final song - priveghi !
maybe younger directors should make the move .
stalker is right !
girl sees guy , girl wants guy , girl contrives mundane ways to keep bumping into him , girl wo n't leave him alone , girl pretends to be a patient , girl ca n't stop talking about him , girl pretends to love another guy ( or two ) , he does n't pay attention to her because she 's annoying , girl still wo n't leave him alone .
played right , drake 's character could have been charming
but she 's completely , wholly , unrelenting in her pursuit of cary grant 's character , her girlfriend - in - cahoots is dull , and sadly , drake 's attempt at playing , " charmingly screwball " comes off as , " disturbingly demented .
" grant is himself , as usual , which is fine for cary
but it 's as close to a phoned - in performance as i 've ever seen from him .
the direction is lackluster and the dialog is just plain dim .
screwball comedy is very difficult to do successfully and when it fails , like in this stubbed - out butt of an attempt , it just stinks .
worse still , drake spends the entire film in need of a lot of valium and a restraining order .
she ruins any humor to be found in this drier than mummy dust relic .
richard pryor 's early 80s running down the street on fire incident must have affected him somehow .
in his stand up , he jokes about it getting great laughs .
it seemed to have done something involving the projects he chose .
the toy is about the lamest he ever chose , aside from i guess another you .
a movie where a white man buys his son a black man ?
nice little bit of underlying political incorrectness before thee was such a thing .
it 's seeing richard getting all sentimental that made me finally walk out before the end .
i wanted to see pryor get even with this brat , instead it becomes the misunderstood kid nauseum !
at least gleason had his moments .
ignore this and watch pryor with gene wilder or any of his ' 70s stuff .
this is a waste of any movie watcher 's time !
joel schumaker directs the script he co - wrote and has a group of georgetown grads confronted with adult life situations .
the story line is a scrambled mess , but some scenes are actually good .
there is a lot of wasted talent and time here .
the cast is more impressive than the movie .
featured are demi moore , rob lowe , judd nelson , andrew mccarthy , emilio estevez , ally sheedy and mare winningham .
the most notable being mccarthy and moore .
lowe is quite obnoxious .
coming of age is not so damn easy .
a bunch of women who ca n't act sit around , talk , smoke pot .
they have another woman in a wheelchair they hide because she is deformed , and occasionally they kill some one to feed this person human flesh that really looks like some store - bought ham which they dressed up by sticking on a few plastic fingers .
we do n't see them killing anyone , suddenly there is a body on the floor , covered by a bloodied sheet .
i ca n't eat spam cover by a sheet anymore because of this .
just the thought of spam cover by a sheet is enough to induce the same narcoleptic fit brought on by trying to get through all of this movie .
occasionally there are randomly inserted scenes of a guy who is " hunting " them by way of torturing some guy he strapped to a chair is his basement .
why he caught this guy and how he is connected to the sit - on - the - couch sisters is never explained .
there are also scenes of some " superhuman " guy freaking out .
he p***es blood and punches through a wall , but who he is or what is wrong with him
is neither explained nor even tied in to the story .
there is no action , no special effects , no story .
if you want to watch some boring people talk in a profound way about nothing while sitting around and eating ham and smoking , then here 's 90 minutes of that , because , except for a scene where one chick does some hooking on a street corner and the aformentioned random scenes , absolutely nothing happens .
( yawn )
oh , i almost forgot , you get to see them move some stuff , including the deformed sister , when they move to their new apartment .
its one of the few times they 're not sitting on a couch or lying in bed .
syriana swept the critics upon release and everything seemed to be raving about it .
i suppose it 's one of those films that is intensely intelligent ... so intelligent that i think you need to be well versed in the oil industry and a politically brilliant mind .
i do n't consider myself unintelligent , i 've been studying politics since my early teens and i enjoy an intelligent film but for the most part unless it 's a documentary films are meant to be primarily entertaining as well as have a message .
syriana tried to be strictly intelligent and it does turn some people away .
i would even go so far as to say that those who rave about it and insist it 's a 10/10 are lying because they think they look better .
this film was the most confusing , senseless , mindless dribble i have seen in awhile ...
especially considering the critical acclaim , the oscar nods , and the cast .
screenplay writer stephen gaghan has disappointed me yet again .
his horribly written havoc preceded this film
and i think he 's just trying way too hard .
i ca n't believe he was offered the opportunity to write the da vinci code screenplay .
on top of that gaghan directed the film which made it an absolute mess .
i had no idea who anyone was , why things were happening , who was who and what was what .
it was a disaster .
because i do n't really know who anyone was i can only mention the actors and what i thought of their performances because despite the horrendously complicated script the actors did alright .
george clooney plays c.i.a. field agent and assassin i think ? ?
bob barnes .
clooney has never been a favorite of mine but lately he 's managed to churn out some decent performances and this seemed to be a pretty good performance on his part .
barnes was a complex character with a sordid history and if i knew what was going on with him i would have really enjoyed his character .
matt damon plays bryan woodman and he is rather bland and always looks like a deer in the headlights which i can understand his confusion after reading this script and then trying to perform it .
amanda peet plays his wife and she does well in the few scenes she is given .
christopher plummer makes a cameo appearance as someone doing something .
i like plummer and love
seeing him show up even if he does n't get top billing anymore .
the cast is intense if only the story made sense .
i 'd like to exact quote the description of plot on imdb .
" a missile disappears in iran , but the cia has other problems : the heir to an emirate gives an oil contract to china , cutting out a us company that promptly fires its immigrant workers and merges with a small firm that has landed a kazakhstani oil contract .
the department of justice suspects bribery , and the oil company 's law firm finds a scapegoat .
the cia also needs one when its plot to kill the emir - apparent fails .
agent bob barnes , the fall guy , sorts out the double cross .
an american economist parlays the death of his son into a contract to advise the sheik the cia wants dead .
the jobless pakistanis join a fundamentalist group .
all roads start and end in the oil fields .
" what ! ?
say who now ? ?
syriana might be the thinking man 's movie but it bored me to tears and no matter how hard i tried to stay with it
i eventually surrendered and turned it off after an hour and a half
and you could n't have bribed me enough to get me to finish it .
i suppose if you want to form an opinion than by all means watch it
but i promise you someone looking for entertainment or an enjoyable film will be asleep in the first half hour .
in the beginning and throughout the movie , it was great .
it was suspenseful and thrilling .
yet in the end it gave no answer to what had happened .
they mysteriously turned into zombies by a raven or crow ?
it did not answer the questions that we all had and therefore , was not as good a movie as i thought that it was going to be .
i watched this on a whim because it was available and i 'd heard the thumb movies were funny .
this one was not .
the majority of the jokes were based around " geranium 's " physique and , in turn , kate winslet 's .
i think it 's really pathetic of the the " thumbtanic " creators to stoop so low to make jabs at a respected actress just because she ( heaven forbid ) does n't starve herself into the model of ideal modern beauty .
my favorite part was the line that goes something like , " hey , i have a great idea !
let 's swim over to this makeshift raft that no one else seems to see ! "
thirty seconds of amusement out of a 26 minute movie does not redeem its value .
charlotte 's deadly beauty and lethal kicks make the movie cooler than it 'd be otherwise .
the story is so poor and charlotte 's character dies in such a foolish way , that you wonder if this 's the ending they had thought of for this movie .
i wish somebody could tell that an alternative ending exists , but i fear it does n't .
as for the rest of the cst , well i 'd say they simply did n't act very well ; although the blame should be put on the poor script .
this movie reminds me of rush hour 2 where zhang ziyi dies in absurd way , since she had been the only one who had stolen the show during the whole movie .
i could give this movie 2/5
interesting to read comments by viewers regarding omega code ...
many of the overwhelmingly positive comments were lifted almost word for word from tbn broadcasts ...
the movie looks as if it were made to go directly to video , to be stocked besides the three - part rapture series that was done by some other religious group in the 70s .. do nt remember it ?
you wo nt remember this one either in a year or two .
this is the first movie i have ever seen where it was implied that it was your religious duty to go to it and buy as many tickets as possible to save souls ...
very shameful ...
this just goes to show that if you are a televangelist 's son , you too can play high - roller hollywood producer with lil ole ladies tithe money ...
have you ever sat watching a movie when 20 or 30 minutes have gone by and suddenly you realize that you have actually seen the movie before ?
that happened to me with " the young graduates " .
the cover of the video box , if you can find the video , is extremely deceiving .
i 'd swear that the two women on the cover are n't even in the film .
anyway , i was either born a decade too late to appreciate the finer points of this film or ...
it is simply pointless junk .
i 'm heavily leaning toward the latter
but i guess some out there have developed a connection to this movie .
hmm ... plot .
a plot .
let 's see ... there must be a plot around here somewhere .
nope , i ca n't find it .
it 's pretty much about some high school seniors acting dopey and doing drugs and speaking in a language that became outdated decades ago .
one of the female students has a crush on her teacher .
the teacher has a frigid wife ( whom he indeed refers to as an iceberg ) so he is receptive to the girl 's advances .
there 's a lot of driving around and inane dialogue and plenty of spastic dancing .
our cat , booboo , was transfixed by the dancing high school kids .
she watched with amazing intensity as the dancers gyrated and shook out on the dance floor .
it 's nice to see that at least one species has found something interesting in this relic .
" the return of chandu " is notable , if one can say that , for the casting of bela lugosi as the hero rather than the villain .
why he even gets the girl .
the story as such , involves the black magic cult of ubasti trying to capture the last egyptian princess nadji ( the delectable maria alba ) and use her as a sacrifice as a means of reviving their ancient leader who just happens to look like nadji .
lugosi as chandu , who possesses magical powers , tries to thwart the villains .
director ray taylor does his best with limited resources and extensive stock footage .
fans of king kong ( 1933 ) will recognize the giant doors that were used to keep kong at bay in several scenes .
the acting is for the most part , awful .
the actor who plays the high priest ( i believe lucien prival ) for example , uses that acting coach inspired pronunciation that was so common in the early talkies .
the less said about the others the better .
it is a mystery why lugosi accepted parts in independent quickies at this stage of his career , because he was still a bankable star at universal at this time .
maybe it was because in this case he got to play the hero and get the girl , who knows .
as his career started to spiral downwards in the late 30s , this kind of fare would become the norm for lugosi rather than the exception .
you would n't expect a movie like this to be good , and it is n't .
it 's a no budget , ultra violent zombie movie filmed with a bad looking hand - held camera ...
and it 's hilarious .
the actors obviously have never acted before and it shows in their terrible hilarious readings .
there is no plot to be seen .
the little plot i could find seemed to be that a government experiment escaped and a group of zombie seems to be terrorizing a couple families .
the gore effects are actually some of the most sickening i 've ever seen .
it seems the gore effects people raided a butcher shop for all the body parts , and many scenes involve zombies dismembering people and eating their organs .
it 's a funny and sickening film , and it 's about as bad as you can get in terms of any movie .
my rating : bomb/
* * * * .
90 mins .
this was my first , and probably the last angelopoulos movie .
i was eager to get into it , as it featured mastroianni , one of my favorite actors and was a film by theo , of whom i 've heard a lot .
the opening was promising , a long shot over a jeep of soldiers across the albanian - greek border .
but that was all .
nothing left .
the movie had big holes
and i do n't know which to mention first .
the main plot of the story is revealed to the journalist by the old woman .
during a long walk .
it 's like a 15 minutes monologue , killing the action and viewers patience , nothing happening on screen for 15 or even 20 minutes , apart this old lady telling a story .
all that is presumed to be shown through action , was simply told to the camera by the old lady .
in a moment , the equippe of tv was heading to the bar .
they turn the corner and immediately the winter begins !
probably , shot in different days , continuity leaked .
a lot of problems with the story - telling , it went from absurd to irrational never sticking to a style , making the viewer asking questions that never got answers .
poor mastroianni , given a role which lacked integrity or charm .
on the other hand , as many greeks or albanians or balcan people would agree with , the movies showed lot of historic , ethnic , or politically incorrectness , just for the sake of making a movie about " humanity " as a red in another review .
a lot more to say , but no time to lose on a poor movie , which was not movie at all , but lunacies of a person impressed on film and paid with state money .
i ca n't believe that so much talent can be wasted in one movie !
the gingerbread man starts of on the right foot , and manages to build up some great expectations for the ending .
but at some point the movie turns into one of the worst stories i 've ever wasted my time on .
it 's just so unbelievably how the bewitched mallory doss manages to pull kenneth branagh 's character around by his nose .
the movies climax is as uninteresting and flat as a beer , which has been left out in the sun too long .
the gingerbread man is probably the worst grisham - movie ever and this is n't changed by the fact that talented stars crowd the movie .
do n't waste your time here !
so why does this show suck ?
unfortunately , that really is the only question , because there is no doubt that it does .
for those unfamiliar with the premise of the show , the doomed - to - be - shortlived series cavemen focuses on a number of neanderthals and their struggle to exist in modern day america and is based on the characters featured in a series of television ads for geico insurance .
the concept is solid and there is every reason to think it could be executed successfully .
i had to think about it for awhile , but then the tagline from the commercials -- something to the effect of " we 're not that much different from you " provided me with the key to the show 's suckiness .
even though cavemen / neanderthals are actually a different species than humanity , the title characters of this show , it turns out , are exactly the same as those of us who are boring jerks .
maybe its my background as a game writer -- rather than a soulless , hack , committee - based writer from california --
but this show had so much potential , and none of it has been realized .
to start with , the producers should have focused on the fun things that would make cavemen different from us .
what could conceivably be funny , for example , about giving them occupations like perpetual grad student and furniture store clerk , when they would have more compellingly been drawn to things like subterranean utility workers and guides at cave parks ?
why would they play prosaic games like squash , when a whole episode could be devoted to them trying get hunting licenses to go after game with spears ?
a show like this could write itself , and it takes some willfully bad writing to make it quite so crappy and boring .
another tiresome aspect of this show is an attempt to portray the cavemen as being subjected to a number of stereotypes associated with various human minorities .
yawn !
this has been done so many times before , and never more drearily than this .
and , as noted previously , neanderthals really are a different species , so using them as a metaphor for racial stereotyping is both uncompelling and off the mark .
responses are welcome , including those from anyone who wants to tell me why i 'm wrong .
i 'd like to enjoy this show and am just sorry that i have thus far been unable to .
michael j. varhola , skirmisher online gaming magazine
i read the back of the box and it talked about mary shelley and percy shelley and lord byron .
i thought , " wonderful !
this will be great !
i was so wrong .
the story was all screwed up .
in fact i still do n't get it .
it just seems to me that all the characters did was drink , smoke ( opium ? ) and have sex .
not that those are n't good movie qualities , but please !
where was the story ?
i made myself finish the movie , and yes , it did pick up towards the end , but by then the movie was almost over .
rent it if you really want to .
just do n't trust the back of the box .
a man brings his new wife to his home where his former wife died of an " accident " .
his new wife has just been released from an institution and is also very rich !
all of the sudden she starts hearing noises and seeing skulls all over the place .
is she going crazy again or is the first wife coming back from the dead ?
you 've probably guessed the ending so i wo n't spell it out .
i saw this many times on saturday afternoon tv as a kid .
back then , i liked it
but i was young .
seeing it now
i realize how bad it is .
it 's horribly acted , badly written , very dull ( even at an hour ) and has a huge cast of five people ( one being the director ) !
still it does have some good things about it .
the music is kinda creepy and the setting itself with the huge empty house and pond nearby is nicely atmospheric .
there also are a few scary moments ( i jumped a little when she saw the first skull ) and a somewhat effective ending .
all in all it 's definitely not a good movie ... but not a total disaster either .
it does have a small cult following .
i give it a 2.also try to avoid the elite dvd drive - in edition of it
( it 's paired with " attack of the giant leeches " ) .
it 's in terrible shape with jumps and scratches all over .
it did n't even look this bad on tv !
i like to keep my reviews short and simple , but this pretty much sums it up .
you can not beat the original two for a number of reasons one of which including the directing talent of chris columbous .
this movie had terrible directing covered up by even more terrible acting .
i ca nt even believe these people are considered actors .
painful to sit through and watch .
the storyline was a complete joke about a secret chip and russian terrorists on a painstaking quest to get it back .
horrible , rent one of the original tow and enjoy yourself !
the movie was n't even set during christmas like the original .
home alone was turned from an excellent christmas time family comedy movie to a joke with no moral or plot !
talk about your waste of money ..
i m just wondering why michael would star in such a turkey of a movie ..
michael is a great actor especially in the movie where he plays a man dying of cancer ..
that was wonderful .
as he tapes himself for his son to see it once he grows up ..
michael is such a talented actor ..
so what made him do this one ? ? ?
i watched it and thought it was really dumb ..
i guess at one time in their career they have the crappy movies ..
especially " the squeeze
" i did nt understand that one at all , and i feel his best performance was in " pacific heights " , his character really creeped me out ..
and i really enjoyed " multiplicity " .
one was so hilarious ! ! !
and he was just perfect for the role of " batman " ..
and i kind of liked " night shift "
and i love " johnny dangerously " too .. just too bad some of them end up doing lousy movies ..
like this one was ...
far from providing the caffeine kick you 'd expect from a film that shares its name with the most energy - boosting of warm beverages ,
coffy clunks about and never really rises above being just a ropey revenge tale .
indeed , if the movie was a cup of coffee , it 'd be rather weak and watery , littered with a few undesirable dregs and lacking in a lingering aftertaste .
sporadically it hits the spot , but otherwise it is n't the hot action - drama
it hopes to be .
plot - wise , coffy is a nurse who takes the law into her own hands and delivers hard justice to the drug - pushing , lady - pimpin ' , mob - suckers that hooked her younger sister into a depraved , sick state .
socio - political commentary on the plight of urban black youths in america is prominent in coffy , and it makes for some thought - provoking stuff as coffy crusades against the political corruption and white establishment racism that profits and acts as a parasite off the targeted afro - american minorities .
sadly , the timely messages are undermined by the film 's poor quality and lack of focus .
coffy 's ideas are important , it 's just that they are not well - aimed .
one of the plus points of coffy is the presence of blaxploitation icon pam grier .
grier goes at her role with gusto and makes for an appealing action heroine as she shotguns down the scum in her often spectacular acts of vigilante violence ( how do you deal with a house full of hoods ?
drive the car right through the front door ! ) .
it 's just a shame that the storyline wavers on occasions , wasting time squeezing as much sexual exploitation as possible .
the low budget ca n't have helped , but neither does the fact that for a blaxploitation flick , coffy lacks groove .
just as the issues are undermined by the lack of quality , consequently the entertainment and excitement are also skewered by moments of dullness and misdirection .
the total result is workmanlike and wooden .
we get a hip heroine but not a hip movie .
it 's a shame as coffy has its moments and should rightly be regarded as a key film in the blaxploitation craze ; it just never ascends above being an average , lukewarm number .
boy what a dud this mess was .
but it only lasts an hour
and i only paid a buck for it
so i 'll live ....
unlike the entire cast of this 1933 clunker who are all dust by now .
so anyway a small village starts having bodies turning up that have been drained of all their blood .
the local yokels start talking about vampires , of course , and a little more loudly after each body is found .
the town sheriff or constable or whatever he is , played by awesome actor melvyn douglas , tries to tell them otherwise .
when he mentions the fact that the dead have one large hole on each side of the neck , instead of two holes close together , the locals simply then say it 's a giant vampire bat .
the constable insists that vampires do not exist and it must be a human culprit doing the killings .
but melvyn does n't seem too bothered either way .
he spends most of his time trying to get into the pantaloons of his sweetie , played by faye wray .
also in this mix is the town simpleton , played by dwight frye , who always seemed to have played the same role in every movie he did .
he further freaks out the townspeople by catching bats and drinking his own blood .
lionel atwill plays the town doctor who seemingly is trying to help the constable solve the crimes .
and boy does he ever stink as an actor .
atwill is as close to cardboard in this role as he could get .
and lionel barrymore is also in this thing ....
lots of big names to be such a pile of guano .
other than the terrible mis - title this movie has , the alternate name,"the blood sucker " is much better , this movie is also dull and plodding and just silly .
for me the high point of the movie is watching frye , he nails the freaky town weirdo but other than him
this movie did n't offer much .
and then when you find out the reason for the strange deaths and see the special effect thing that required all this blood you 'll really be let down .
bela lugosi did a lot of awful pictures but at least he was fun and interesting to watch .
think of this movie as a really bad lugosi clunker without lugosi
and you 'll get a feel for how miserably bad this mess was .
if you ca n't make a good 1930 's horror film at least put lugosi in it .
this film was so amateurish i could hardly believe what i was seeing .
it is shot on video !
not film !
i have not seen the likes of this since the early 70 's , when late night networks showed movie of the week ' horror flicks ' shot in ...... video .
it looks like a bad soap opera , and that is paying it a compliment .
some of the actors give it their best shot .
michael des barres does okay with what he is given to do , which is to act like a sex addict out of control .
i ca n't say that it is pleasant to watch .
nastassja kinski as the therapist sits in a chair for practically the entire film , with very little variation in camera angles .
i ca n't fault her for someone else 's poor blocking , but she is totally unbelievable in her role .
her little girl voice works against her here .
and i consider myself a nastassja kinski fan .
she is certainly ageless and exotic , but she 's outside her range with this .
alexandra paul is pathetically overwrought .
every line she delivers is with three exclamation points .
someone must have directed her to scream at all costs .
why would michael des barres want to have sex with such a raging shrew?finally , rosanna arquette as the sweet , maligned wife comes off okay , and probably the most believable of the bunch .
but that is not saying much .
this has to be the worst film i have seen in years .
this is awesomely bad and awesomely embarassing for a canadian .
we grow good wine .
our writers and poets are among the world 's best .
the national ballet is rated among the top five companies in the world .
but we make bloody awful movies !
this one is n't especially bad .
it 's especially typical and typically bad , shot in two bit hotels and public parks with thin direction , high school level acting and " gee whiz ...
lets see what this button on the camera does ? ?
" photography .
if michael moriarity was so intent on doing a jack nicholson impersonation , could n't he at least have done a good jack nicholson impersonation ?
and if the movie was shot in vancouver , truly one of the loveliest cities on earth and also a centre of yacht building ( part of the " plot " ) why in god 's name
do we let that endemic canadian inferiority complex dictate that it be disguised as seattle ? ? ?
not only am i mad about this film , i 'm embarassed and more than a little ashamed .
the australians turn out some splendid stuff .
we produce pretentious second rate piffle .
gawd ! ! ! ! !
one out of ten stars
because if it was , it gets an f. holy mother mary of god was this bad .
i mean , i gave it every reasonable accommodation considering
it was a straight to video film , but it let me down at every turn .
like so many other b movies , the basic storyline was decent and the filmmakers seemed to have a reasonable level of resources , but the execution was ridiculous .
it 's a shame they attached the good name of halloween to this fiasco .
the basic premise surrounds some frat douche bags hosting their annual halloween haunted house fund raiser , when a satanic spell book shows up out of nowhere and hurls the frat boys into a living hell .
well that 's the idea anyway ,
but instead most of the film is devoted to displaying these frat boy 's relationship escapades , abound with an outrageous lesbian subplot .
very little of the actual story is devoted to halloween or the mysterious spell book .
it actually makes me mad that the film makers thought they could get away with making such dribble .
the film is essentially about frat boy relationships .
this is not what the movie is billed as .
i 'm tempted to track down the producers and at the very least threaten them with bodily harm .
the acting is about as bad as it gets , it 's atrocious !
the script is unintentionally funny .
the cinematography is just plain lazy .
the whole film is amateur night .
this movie actually makes the syfy channel movie productions look like masterpieces .
the last half hour of the film felt like the film makers realized they were n't producing a soap opera and had to throw in some sort of horror sequences .
the evil spell book finally comes into play and turns everyone in the haunted house into the character their dressed up as .
i almost feel like crying as i write this review .
i mean
this thing was an undecipherable chopped up disaster .
for the first time in years , i 've felt the need to log into imdb today to cleanse myself of this movie by writing a review , because it was just such a let - down to watch .
the plot sounded awesome when i read it , i expected a minimal mystery thriller , a claustrophobic phantom hunt .
unfortunately , it all gets watered down so bad by a mundane , tiring love story and too many contrived and teeth - gnashingly stupid
" no - one - says - things - like - this - except - in - bad - movies"-dialogs that it 's just agonizing .
here 's a quick run down of the worst offenses of this piece of film : - the script relies so heavily on coincidences and the inexplicable and inexcusable stupidity of the main characters that it 's just laughable .
no , actually , it 's angering .
and lazy.- related to that : cheap thrills .
a long parade " just in time " moments.-
the main characters .
alright , it seems that the screenwriter has never experienced actual human beings in real life , but instead has gained all his knowledge from bad movies .
thus , his characters are boring , lifeless second generation clichés .
they are mere plot - devices , place - holders without the slightest bit of personality .
they are " man and woman in break - up who still love each other " .
never seen that one before except in 100,000 movies and it 's not getting any more realistic or enjoyable .
think of the blandest two - dimensional hollywood fare and you 've got it .
there is not one character in this movie that is even remotely fresh , charming , or interesting.-
the far - fetched , vague resolution that 's swaying very bad and needs just one nudge to topple , though the word " resolution " might be ill - fitting here , because the movie is a swampy mess that is n't going anywhere anyway .
by the time you 're through , though , you do n't care anymore .
the last third of the movie i just fast - forwarded , because it was just so unbearable to watch .
okay , that 's it .
whatever redeeming features this movie has , it all gets buried under incompetence .
do n't watch this turd .
here , let me wave my hands over the keyboard , i 'll tell you what salad she 's going to order .
over and over , works like a charm : he 's such a genius ,
how does he do it ?
my bullshit detector freaks
if i even pass this show when i 'm scanning channels , i have to be very careful
( these days it 's useful far too often , so i do n't need it getting broken on idiotic crap like this ... careful with that remote ! ) .
is this supposed to be some fascist propaganda to make people believe in some invisible realm of uberman control and mastery ?
or what ?
why does it exist??this is the most inane show , completely unbelievable and contrived , and i can not understand why it 's still on the air .
so may geeks give
so much better shows such a hard time ( sarah connor chronicles , true blood ) , but give this nonsensical drivel a pass .
shows like firefly ( if there were any like that ) fall away after a season , but mindless stuff like this that makes zero logical sense just keeps marching on .
yeccch .
do n't let the title trick you into watching this movie .
i read the title , saw that it came on in the middle of the night , and figured it was one of those soft porn movies .
this movie is bad .
if you like soft porn movies , then i 'm sorry to say this is n't one .
there are a lot of sex but
nothing shown and they only last for 5 seconds or so .
i 'm surprised this movie is rated so highly , although if i were to go with typical grade scale 71 is a c- or d
so perhaps that 's all right
but this movie was just a typical thriller except boringly slow and unrealistic .
not that a typical thriller is realistic but this one seemed to be trying to , and yet the woman who got rapped did n't press charges because she did n't want to be cross examined in a court even though she would be putting the man who broke her arm beat the crap out of her and raped her away for life not but also protecting the lawyer whom she had feelings for and his family not just random people she did n't even know .
there were other similar problems with the movie which would have been all right if there was some kind of moral to take away from the movie but the few moral questions like whether it was right to try to kill / beat kady before he did anything illegal were presented a little one sided since kady ended up being just a crazed bastard bent on revenge so sure the lawyer was justified in protecting his family since waiting for kady to actually rape his daughter so he could do something legally about it would be a bit absurd .
so now i 've just waisted more of my life for this stupid movie
so please do n't see it
so at least your life wo n't be waisted and
that way my 2 1/2 hours or so has meant something .
i 'd give this a negative rating if i could .
i went into this movie not expecting much , but i had an open mind .
the whole thing is stupid !
the snakes are obviously fake and
the first two things they bite are a boob and a guys johnson .
oh how original ; if i were a 12 year old boy i might laugh at that .
i have no idea how this movie became so popular .
seriously , the worst thing i 've ever seen .
i was n't entertained , it was n't funny , i was n't even bored !
i was n't anything .
it was n't even so bad it was good , it 's just bad .
ridiculous actually .
please do not waste your money on this movie .
do n't even rent this movie .
no clue how it 's getting such a high rating .
for anyone craving a remake of 1989 's slaves of new york .
what are there , seven of you ?
here it is ... was .
this undercooked movie has studiously vapid characters ( well they 're club - kids , ya big jerk ! )
that are in holding patterns .
the big question seems to be , just how long can a young adult remain juvenile ?
it took three people to write this ' story ' ?
good god , it was easier to come up with citizen kane .
rather than take viewers back , this movie should just embarrass anyone who was a scene - ster in the early 90s .
the idea that a fifty year old woman envies a bunch of self - absorbed kids from a different era is the world as only self - absorbed , twenty - somethings could imagine it .
the odd sidebar about library work is not the sub - plot one expects from the equivalent of parker posey 's breakin 2 :
electric bugaloo .
her " i 'm serious about graduate school ! "
while a stripper grinds on her is hysterical .
posey 's shtick is always amusing , but there are projects that are beneath her .
i was asleep before it crossed the 40 minute mark .
the earth is destined to be no more thanks to father pergado and a bunch of nuns .
christopher lee ( who has since said that he was duped in to appearing in this by his producers who told him loads of great actors were involved ) is father pergado and gets to do his usual serious and scary routine .
the cast are not too bad , though most have now retired from acting .
the film has terrible sound effects ( mainly created from pressing keys on an old computer it seems )
and it ridiculously pondering at times - showing a scene of the sky , for instance , for what feels like hours at a time .
despite this the story is pretty humorous in a world - is - doomed sort of way and the production is adequate .
interestingly one scene features albert band and wife jackie ; meda band ; writer frank ray perilli and charles band 's assistant bennah burton .
despite its plodding nature i genuinely wanted to see how it all worked out and thus quite liked it .
it was jon pertwee who said " it`s very difficult to be funny but very easy to be silly " .
well if that`s the case pasty faces is " very easy " .
david baker ( as director /screenwriter ) and his cast seem to be under the impression that comedy involves stealing scenes and style from superior britcoms like lock stock .. and trainspotting , using a completely underdeveloped script and jumping up and down speaking in a very fast voice very loudly .
alan mccaffrey especially suffers from this type of ott performance but not enough to ruin the film because there`s not enough of a film to ruin .pasty
faces is terrible on all fronts especially scriptwise .
i couldn`t understand why it ended the way it did , it just seemed to stop in a very abrupt and silly manner .
oh and other glaring errors are that you need a visa to visit the usa and a green card in order to work there - this film would have you believe you can get off a plane and start a new life in america without any authorisation - that you still get paid to donate blood in america - people who i know in america , and who donate blood tell me payment for donations stopped several years ago - and that you can buy any type of weapon from a gun shop .
as far as i know gun laws in america differ from state to state but no gun shops sell anti tank guns over the counter .
so we`ve got a very erroneous view of america from a very unreal
and oh so unfunny film .
maybe this is revenge for braveheart a very hollywood view of the scots ?
perhaps , but this doesn`t stop pasty faces from being a crap comedy
the scenery is pretty and the dog is cute .
other than that , this film has absolutely nothing to recommend it .
jack warden is pleasantly genial as usual , but the script is so awful that even he comes off badly .
the plot makes no sense , the dialogue is dumb , and there are numerous smaller faults .
but the dog is cute ...
i agree with most of the columbo fans that this movie was an unnecessary change of format .
columbo is a unique cop with unorthodox police methods .
this movie looks like a remake of any other ordinary detective dramas from the past .
and that is the disturbing point , because columbo is no ordinary detective .
there are two parts in this film that left me intriguing .
first , i ca n't figure out the title of this movie .
it is misleading .
maybe a better title would 've been " the vanishing bride " or something similar .
second , columbo hides a piece of evidence without offering the reason ( to the viewers at least ) why he does it .
i do n't feel betrayed , just disappointed .
i 'm glad peter falk went back to the usual columbo .
i had two reasons for watching this swashbuckler when it aired on danish television yesterday .
first of all , i wanted to see gina lollobrigida - and here i was n't disappointed .
she looked gorgeous .
second of all , through reading about the film i had gotten the impression that it featured absurd humor not unlike that which can be found in philippe de broca 's films .
on this account , however , i was sadly disappointed .
i found the jokes predictable ( apart from a few witty remarks on the topic of war ) and the characters completely one - dimensional .
also , the action scenes were done in a strangely mechanical and uninspired fashion , with no sense of drama at all .
i kept watching until the end , but i got bored very quickly and just sat there , waiting for the scenes with lollobrigida .
i decided to watch this serial after seeing the endless adverts for it on the bbc in the weeks prior to it starting .
i watched it despite the fact that i do n't like the pretentious kind of stuff that alan hollinghurst writes ( sorry to his fans
but i think we have a case of the emperor 's new clothes with this author 's work ) .
i admit that the acting is excellent , it is beautifully shot
and i was reasonably entertained by it - however-
i found that the storyline was extremely thin and after watching all three episodes feel very unsatisfied with this rather empty production .
the ' explicit ' gay sex that the media droned on about has all been done before on tv
- several times - so it was nothing very shocking
i 'm afraid .
full marks for production values but low ones for storyline / content i 'm afraid .
happy go lovely " has only two things going for it .
and those two things are vera - ellen 's legs .
this is a british ( excelsior films ) version of an m - g - m musical complete with second tier stars .
i would imagine that vera - ellen took this role thinking that it might finally propel her to the status of a major musical star .
but , i 'm sorry to say , ms. ellen 's chance did not pay off .
opening with a horrible scottish number and stumbling thru awful dialog to the next dull tune , this movie seems very heavy handed and sloppy .
the predictable mistaken identity plot is very thin , and with the exception of david niven , cesar romero ( who is way over the top in his role of a producer ) and bobby howes ( who is totally wasted in a nothing role ) the rest of the cast is totally forgettable .
the choreography is boring , but ms. ellen gives it her all .
she was never as famous as most of the other musical stars(and
she should n't be since she could n't sing and even had a " dancing stand in " in several of her pictures " .
but when she did dance , it was just entrancing .
it 's too bad that this film that could have made her a star did not give her the tools she needed to shine.4 out of 10
i have always been somewhat underwhelmed by joe dante 's original the howling ( 1981 )
so i was n't particularly interested in checking out any of its sequels ; some time ago , i did catch howling iii :
the marsupials ( 1987 )
 by the same director as this one  and found it to be watchable but
nothing special .
the second instalment , however , has quite a bad rep
and i knew i 'd have a good time watching it 
if mainly to wallow in the sight of dear but pompous horror icon christopher lee squirming in the midst of it all ( the gracefully - aged star has pathetically asserted a number of times in interviews that he has n't appeared in horror - oriented fare since his last picture for hammer films back in 1976 ! ) .
anyway , this film should have borne the subtitle "
your movie is a turd "  being astoundingly inept in all departments ( beginning with the all - important werewolf make - up ) !
the plot ( and dialogue ) is not only terrible , but it has the limpest connection with dante 's film  strangely enough , the author of the original novel gary brandner co - wrote this himself !
still , one of the undeniable highlights ( er ... low points ) of the film is the pointless elliptical editing  which tries to give the whole a semblance of style , but only serves to accentuate its embarrassment factor !
similarly phoney ( and grating ) are the hokey transitions between scenes , the inane punk - rock theme song , and the cheapjack special - effects at the climax !
what about the characters , then ?
: lee is the werewolf expert , naturally , whom everybody thinks a crackpot  until they come into contact with the monsters , that is ; at the very least , though , one has to admire the makers ' ingenuity ( or gall ) in devising a stupid subtitle with a dual meaning !
incidentally , sybil danning ( as stirba , werewolf bitch  the subtitle by which this is known in the u.k. ! )
is quite fetching in an assortment of outrageous s&m outfits ...
but her character is virtually given nothing to do ( except preside over her brood of followers and engage in the occasional hilarious three - way lycanthrope sex ! )
; her two snarling lieutenants ( one of them a sluttish black girl ) are especially irritating .
aiding lee on the side of good are the two yuppie heroes ( he being the brother of the dee wallace character from the first film and she a colleague of hers ) and a ragged guerrilla - type band of transylvians ( still , they generally manage to effortlessly overcome danning 's rather dumb werewolves ! ) .
notable among them is a knife - throwing dwarf who gets a particularly nasty ( but
, at the same time , side - splitting ) demise ; he 's later revived , under stirba 's control , in order to lure lee ( by making childish taunts at him all through the village streets ) into a trap .
the latter scene has to be a career nadir for the distinguished and imposing actor
well , either this or the early sequence in a discotheque where lee is made to don a pair of ultra - cool sunglasses so as to appear inconspicuous among the partying youngsters!in
the end , if i were forced to mention elements in this which were n't entirely displeasing , i guess i could say that the ossuary set ( in which the heroine is to be sacrificed ) is interesting , or that the hybrid werewolf / bat creature ( danning 's pet who likes to ' inhabit ' the body of its victims ) is just too weird to be despised ...
first , i realize that a " 1 " rating is supposed to be reserved for the worst of the worst .
this movie gets that from me because , as one reviewer points out , it 's not bad in a self - aware , over - the - top sort of way that might allow it to have some comic or cult value .
it simply misses its mark on every count .
* * contains possible spoilers
the dialog is completely disingenuous .
the continuity is so deliberate it 's painful .
daniel just finishes speaking of his lost love , and with his final word the flamenco dancers start .
the mock - shock of what 's her name
( see ?
i do n't even remember her character 's name , let alone the name of the forgettable actress ) when her husband ( the baldwin ) first tells her that her friend is the bad guy .
the car and the motorcycle chases did all the right things .
vegetable carts gone flying .
cars crashing into each other .
motorcycles going down the stairs .
people nearly being hit , but remarkably , no one is .
oh , that 's right ... except for the one guy who has been stabbed several times , is obviously stumbling along the curb with knife wounds , and an approaching car apparently did n't notice him there .
hmmm .
it 's becoming more and more remarkable to me that movies like this can be made .
there is so much pressure in the film industry to make money , you 'd think that someone in hollywood would think of making good films worth seeing .
now there 's a novel idea .
my suggestion : do n't see this film .
do n't rent the dvd .
do n't watch it on cable .
there are lots of other things you could be doing that will leave you feeling more satisfied .
" the bat people " is a proud resident of the imdb bottom 100 .
every once and a while the movie suddenly vanishes from the infamous list , depending on whether there are new movies with paris hilton in the lead or documentaries about american idol stars , but it always reliably returns sooner or later .
and why ?
because , unlike the majority of crap in that list , " the bat people " is a legitimate bad film and it deserves to be on there regardless of any media influences or internet buzz !
this nearly is n't the worst film ever made , since the basic concept definitely has a certain charm and ingenuity , but it 's still indescribably difficult to sit through the whole thing .
the script is incredibly boring , with absolutely unnecessary padding footage and gigantic gaps in continuity , and yet the main characters still remain total strangers throughout the entire film .
other than a sensible screenplay , the film also lacks spectacular killing sequences and the make - up effects  although courtesy of a young stan winston  are ludicrously inept and remain largely unseen until the end of the film .
the film 's title is inaccurate , as " people " refers to a number in plural whereas the story actually just revolves on one bat person .
much more than bruce wayne , the real batman plays in this movie and he as well has a genuine bat - cave and a bat - mobile ( a stolen ambulance ) !
the plot introduces a young couple on their honeymoon - weekend exploring caves .
they wander off from a guided tour group and he gets bitten by a bat whilst trying to protect his wife from the animal 's vicious attack .
worried that he might be infected with rabies , he undergoes an intense treatment at the local hospital , but still this does n't prevent him from slowly transforming into a bloodthirsty bat creature .
he kills random people at night and toys around with the suspicious police sergeant whilst his loving wife is still vastly convinced the awkward behavior is exclusively due to allergic reactions to the rabies treatment .
sure , honey !
the script never explains why a bat would attack people and how come john always changes back into a normal human being at the dawn of a new day instead of gradually turning into a permanent state of bat - guano .
so basically , " the bat people " is a variation on the good old werewolf - theme , but obviously not a very interesting one .
the concept showed a lot of potential , but somehow the sub plots center on whiny drunks and perverted sheriffs instead of on ghastly monsters .
some of the settings and exterior filming locations look impressive , the misfit song playing during the credits is strangely catchy , there 's a nice bit of gore during the climax ( finally ! ) and main actress marianne mcandrew is ravishing to look at ( though not to listen to ) .
this truly bad and boring film 's current listing in the bottom 100 is spot number 80 , and personally i hope it sticks somewhere in that region .
the list simply would n't feel and traditional without " the bat people " .
this movie is trash - poor .
it has horrible taste , and is pedestrian and unconvincing in script although supposedly based on real - events - which does n't add much of anything but make it more of a disappointment .
direction is not well done at as scenes and dialogue are out - of - place .
not sure what robin williams saw in this character or story .
to start , williams is not convincing as a gay in a relationship breakup nor is the relationship itself interesting .
what 's worse , his character is compelled by an ugly pedophile story that is base and has no place as a plot device .
you have an older rory culkin tastelessly spouting " d_ck_smker " - in good fun-
which is annoying enough and then laughed up by the williams character .
finally you have sandra oh as a guardian angel adviser to williams and a thrown in explanation of the whole fiasco towards the end .
toni collete 's character is just plain annoying and a re - hash of her 6th sense performance with poorer direction .
very miss - able .
the sun should set on this movie , forever .
it goes on forever ( which is n't usually a bad thing - the english patient , schindler 's list ) but is so tedious .
the aging of the actors is unbelievable and so is the drawn - out never - ending story line which really seems to go nowhere .
in short , a waste of talent and film .
it is difficult to find any positives in this movie .
seems as though the producer needed to make a buck without much effort & hence we are treated to a full showing of galaxy which is the lamest excuse for a movie in history .
the police girls looked extremely sexy in their little uniforms .
more action shots of the two cops & a lot less of galaxy would have been the way to go .
of course that would add to the budget so they decided to fill the space with that wretched rerun .
ms albright does excellent looking sexy & her acting is first rate .
ms stabs whom i had heard of but not seen on screen before also looked very desirable but seems to lack basic acting talent .
apart from ms albright this is real garbage .
there really was n't much of a story in this film .
it loosely based itself off the events in the first lion king movie .
it is supposed to be how timon and pumbaa met via their aloneness .
but there is n't much more than that .
it mixes some scenes from the original , then it ab - libs about how this movie changed them a little bit .
but still , is that it ?
i was hoping for something a little more .
instead , all i have to show for it is an empty plot with little explanation .
i guess if you wanted to see other meerkats in the lion king universe , then this is it .
but other than that , it does little justice for the animators .
disney really should stop these direct - to - video productions .
it really was quite boring and could have used jason statham .
" d- "
this movie offers nothing to anyone .
it does n't succeed on any level .
the acting is horrible , dull long - winded dribble .
they obviously by the length of the end sex scene were trying to be shocking but just ended up being pretty much a parody of what the film was aiming for .
complete garbage , i ca n't believe what a laughable movie this was .
and i 'm very sure rosario dawson ended up in this film
cause she though this would be her jarring break away indi hit , a wowing nc-17 movie .
the problem is no adult is going to stick with this film as the film plays out like a uninteresting episode of the oc or something aimed at teens .
pathetic .
this is even worse than the original game of death .
a jumbled , incoherent storyline leads to " billy lo " falling from a helicopter to the ground below , killing him , as we 're left to follow his younger brother , bobby lo .
so not only do we start out following some bruce lee clone , the film kills that one off and has us follow another one thirty minutes into the story .
the main reason to watch this one is when bobby lo fights a lion , which is quite obviously a guy in a lion costume .
jang lee hwang is also the villain , who is usually pretty awesome but his screen time is significantly small .
mainly watched this and the original game of death because they 're a part of the bruce lee boxed set .
it 's no wonder they 're included with lee 's finished works .
no one would buy them otherwise .
needed an excuse to get out of the house while paint dried - left the movie after an hour to return and watch the paint dry .
i do n't recall ever walking out on a movie before , but i really tried to stay .
the script was not up to the cast and just kept " going and going " badly - come on !
uma thurman doing this stuff ?
fairly lame special effects .
these were older characters and actors doing superficial horny 20-something lives - just sort of annoying and wrong feeling .
this review is base only on the first hour - it might have gotten better .
i just had to get home and see if the paint dried a darker shade than when it went on .
a model named laura is working in south america when she is kidnapped from her hotel room by a gang and taken into the jungle .
they demand a huge ransom for her release .
peter is hired to get her home safe
and there is a bonus in it for him if he can bring back the money as well as the girl .
peter is taken to the jungle by helicopter with friend jack .
they try to give the kidnappers fake money in return for laura but the plan goes horribly wrong and they have to bail out in the helicopter .
the helicopter is shot and they also have to bail from that ( not going well so far ) .
also roaming the jungles is a devil of sorts .
in reality its just a naked black guy with weirdly big eyes and a breathing problem .
he starts to kill a few of the kidnappers and laura escapes only to be captured by some primitives .
the rest of the film is a bit of a blur really .
now i 'm not a massive jess franco fan , in fact to date this is only the second film of his i have seen , but even i can tell that this really is n't one of his best efforts .
the films drags along at a pretty slow pace without much at all happening .
the whole thing could have been edited down quite easily into a 25 minute tv show .
there are plenty of overly long shots of people walking through the jungle that could have just been lifted straight out .
devil hunter is poorly lit
( infact i do n't think it was lit at all ) , badly dubbed , poorly acted and slow yet for some reason it did n't bore me .
i think the main reason for this was some of the hilariously bad scenes in it .
for example a scene where laura is walking in the street was obviously shot in a real street as crowds of people stop to stare straight at the camera as its shooting .
another funny scene has one of the gang who has been killed , hung in a tree dripping blood as one of his friends stands directly under him screaming for what seems like minutes .
then for no reason at all the man in the trees head just falls of and hits the guy under him .
it has to be seen to be believed .
then of course there is the actual devil .
it is just some naked black guy who despite the fact he has massive eyes , he has very blurry vision .
the film was hooked up in part of the video nasty scare in the 80 's here in the uk and was banned .
now why it was i have no idea .
there is very little gore at all
and it 's hardly a shocking film .
minus the nudity i would have said that it could get away with a pg almost .
the only thing i can think of is that it was never actually watched and was added to the original list because of word of mouth .
there is not much reason to watch this film really unless you are a massive jess franco fan .
there is plenty of nudity to keep you from falling asleep and also some scenes that are so bad you can have a good laugh at them
but other wise i would say just pay for a ticket to south america and get lost in a jungle .
it would probably be more fun.3/10
i saw this movie when it was released , and my distaste for it has stuck with me all these years .
here 's why : greenaway 's goal seems to be to take every literary image in the tempest and make it literal .
if a character were to say , " my heart takes flight , " we 'd be shown an actual human heart , with pigeon wings attached , flapping across the screen .
this process makes for some lush tableaux , but ultimately it 's a facile exercise .
and it becomes deadly boring .
i do n't begrudge the pleasure other viewers found in this movie , but it 's worth knowing that not everyone in the audience was enraptured .
i love all his work but this looks like nothing .. sorry ..
this looks more like a " david lynch copycat " .
i think people like it only because " it 's from david lynch " .
the invisible man is a fantastic movie from 1933 , a cutting edge film for it 's time where objects appeared to rest on top of a man who was truly invisible .
go ahead , take a look at the film , you will be shocked that it was made in 1933 , it was the first true special effects movie .
come 2000 , computer aided special effects seem like child 's play , audiences are not blown away by special effects , instead they are disappointed if they are not done right .
the special effects in hollow man , the update of the hg wells story , are ok , but not the biggest problem with this film directed by paul verhoeven , who you might remember from showgirls and total recall .
kevin bacon plays sebastian caine , a scientist dabbling in the world of bio - invisibilation
( yeah , i know that 's not a word )
but of course is battling higher ups who are threatening to take away the team 's funding .
so , as movie characters who are about to have their funding cutoff are prone to do , he makes the ultimate sacrifice and becomes a guinea pig for the invisibilation ( yeah , i know , i used that non - word again ) process .
the process has dire consequences , no caine does not die , but instead becomes a horny , violent creature , aka a guy .
now that he 's invisible , caine stalks a sexy neighbor , a co - worker , former girlfriend linda ( elisabeth shue ) , and the man who took away his funding .
then a funny thing happens , caine becomes a new supernatural being , " the thing that wo n't die .
" laughing in the face of all things natural , caine faces down death and spits in it 's face , as it take what feels like hours for this creature to die , dragging the ending of the movie out .
the movie is silly , stupid , and finally laughable with the way realism is sometimes used , sometimes not .
there are neat possibilities in hollow man , but of course , not one of them is explored .
for a more interesting look at an invisible being , get ready for some good old - fashioned black and white cinema , and check out the 1933 invisible man .
kevin bacon will still be invisible when you come back , probably still alive at the bottom of a volcano .
this , and immoral tales , both left a bad taste in my mouth .
it seems to me that borowczyk is disgusted by sex , and these two films are cautionary tales about what will happen if you do have sex .
as a film , it 's not very well done -- some of the acting is truly epically bad ( such as the " american " woman with the french accent ) .
the young woman 's sudden flip - flop from being anxious about the marriage to being interested ( when it seems like it should have been the other way around ) , and the aunt 's sudden realization of the young man 's secret do n't make sense -- they 're not explained at all .
i also did n't like how the daughter 's relationship with a black man was presented as a sign of her family 's perversion or predilection for bestiality .
the central idea , the idea that there 's this " sexy beast , " if you will , that lives in the woods , could have been a foundation for a perverse but fun story , but instead is just used as a basis for a nasty , sex - negative , morality play .
i saw this by chance showing on cable on wanted to like it as i thought sandra was quite funny from what i remembered .
the only facial movement i had throughout the movie was jaw dropping stunned at how awful a movie i just suffered through .
the person who said this is one of the funniest movies of all time please point out one line , just one scene , that is even worth a chuckle .
she is a much better singer than i remember her to be , but i did n't want to watch a lounge act .
i think this is a movie try hard to like since they think they should and do n't view it objectively .
i saw this movie in my international cinema class and was grossed out from get go .
this movie is nothing but one scene of blatant shock value after the next .
the 4th man is about an alcoholic writer named reve , who has visions of his in - pending danger .
he meets up with a woman named christine when giving a lecture at a local book club , and only decides to stay with her when he discovers how attractive her boyfriend is .
to put it plainer , reve likes the dutch sausage .
so reve concocts a plan to seduce christine 's boyfriend so he can ultimately have sex with him .
but its later discovered that christine has had 3 previous husbands , who she all murdered .
now reve and christine 's boyfriend could be " the 4th man .
" the storyline makes sense with no plot holes .
the editing and everything else that is technical about this movie is perfectly fine .
the movie is just gross and i felt the need to vomit in some parts .
basically , this is n't my cup of tea .
the movie opens with reve getting out of bed in just a t - shirt .
so in the very beginning , you get to see reve 's lovely pecker flopping around as he walks around his cramped apartment in a hangover state .
later on he has a dream where his pecker gets cut off by a pair of scissors , and they do show it along with the blood fountain that ensues .
reve fondles a statue of jesus and has homosexual sex in a mausoleum .
plus there 's a lot of blood .
more blood than all the freddy krueger movies combined .
not that i have anything against " shocking " scenes , but this movie is just so blatant when it comes to shocking .
the whole movie is revolved around the shock value .
so if any of this is your cup of tea , watch this movie .
otherwise , stay far far far far far away from this one .
my mind is still scarred .
this is to the zatoichi movies as the " star trek " movies were to " star trek"--except that in this case every one of the originals was more entertaining and interesting than this big , shiny re - do , and also better made , if substance is more important than surface .
had i never seen them , i would have thought this good - looking but empty ; since i had , i thought its style inappropriate and its content insufficient .
the idea of reviving the character in a bigger , slicker production must have sounded good , but there was no point in it , other than the hope of making money ; it 's just a show , which mostly fails to capture the atmosphere of the character 's world and wholly fails to take the character anywhere he has n't been already ( also , the actor was n't at his best ) .
i 'd been hoping to see ichi at a late stage of life , in a story that would see him out gracefully and draw some conclusion from his experience overall ; this just rehashes bits and pieces from the other movies , seasoned with more sex and sfx violence .
not the same experience at all .
i watched this film few times and all i can say that this is low budget rubbish and that it does not have anything to do with a real history facts .
actors performances is very poor but it is result of limited acting possibilities .
anyone who watched this film now probably think of hitler as some crazy skinny lunatic who running with a gun like some chicago gangster .
i can only to say that there is much better films about hitler and germany in those years and that rise of evil is very much under average .
i can recommend german film downfall in which you can see brilliant performance of switzerland actor bruno ganz in a roll of adolf hitler .
franco rossi 's 1985 six - hour italian mini - series of quo vadis is a very curious beast , creating an absolutely convincing ancient roman world shot in matter of fact fashion ( very few long shots , no big cityscapes ) , but playing the drama down so much in favour of allusions to classical literature and history that the story constantly gets lost in the background .
the shifting structure ( much of episode one is played out via voice over letters ) and lack of narrative urgency makes the full six - hour version simultaneously demanding and undemanding , and certainly far too often uninvolving , but it has something going for it .
the two main strengths are the characterisation of petronius ( a thankfully dubbed frederic forrest , whose own voice would almost certainly flatten his dialogue ) as a man whose spent so long looking for an astute angle to survive court life that he 's become incapable of experiencing emotion , and klaus maria brandauer 's unique take on nero as a wannabe actor whose every move and action is calculated on how his ' audience ' will receive it .
elsewhere , max von sydow briefly appears in a few episodes , being rewarded with the show 's most impressive and genuinely moving scene here he encounters a child as he attempts to leave rome .
it 's the kind of thing the show could do with more of , but it seems all too often to flatten every potentially emotional , inspiring or exciting moment under it 's relentlessly low - key direction .
unfortunately francesco quinn makes a staggeringly anonymous hero , blending in with the walls and coming over less as a roman officer than that quiet , slightly gormless but inoffensive guy who works in the same office as you who never says much at office parties - you know , the one who you think is called dave or something like that .
the budgetary limitations are very visible once its meet the lions time for the christians and ursus battle with the bull is so determinedly low key that it just passes over you before the show just abruptly loses interest and suddenly ends .
not a trip i can particularly recommend
, i 'm afraid , but if you do embark on it
it 's one not entirely without its small rewards .
i was looking forward to seeing john carpenter 's episode in season 2 because his first , cigarette burns , was by far the best from season 1 (
and i did like other episodes from that season ) .
oh , how i was disappointed .
in fairness to carpenter i think the primary problem with this episode was absolutely horrible writing .
the characters , aside from the subject matter , seemed to behave and speak as though they were written for an episode of walker , texas ranger .
the acting was bad , and i normally like ron perlman a lot , but i can only blame them so much because the writing was so horrible .
i 'm not going to try to guess what the writers were trying to do because that would be useless but it appeared as though they were trying to mix horror ( obviously ) with some form of social commentary on abortion and religion .
in this case , not surprisingly , it seemed a chance to bash a certain variety or religious nuts as well as fanatical anti - abortionists .
and i am in favor of both aims
but it was done so horribly that i was embarrassed to watch characters act and speak with such stupid inconsistency .
this failed totally to offer any worthwhile opinion on the subjects and the horror element failed as well alongside such inept writing .
while i do n't think carpenter can be blamed for most of the badness here
i will say he did choose to direct the teleplay and therefore has that to be held responsible for .
there are a couple small bits that i found nice , hence the 2 stars i gave it .
the actual gore and monster effects were good , but the cgi gore ( two separate gunshots to the head ) were so obviously inferior quality cgi they should 've never been given the ok .
i 'm generally very critical of cgi but not because i have a problem with it in principle .
i have a problem with the execution of it .
the technology , while amazing in some respects , is not good enough to match " real " effects , whether they be miniatures or gore especially when it is supposed to match something organic and/or alive , and therefore should n't be used until they are .
cgi can be used well in small amounts or obviously if the whole film is animated .
i'll also take this opportunity to note that the show title , masters of horror , is a bad title to have .
there simply are n't many actual " masters of horror " around .
maybe two or three .
if the show were called " tale of horror " or something like that it would be fine .
but as it stands the criteria for directing one of these episodes , and therefore being criticized for not being a " master of horror " is that they have directly at least one horror film in their career .
and it did n't even have to be a good one .
do you guys wanna know a secret ? .
this movie sucks .
well actually i do n't know because if you allow yourself to be indulged by plagiarised versions of original movies , then perhaps you may find this movie astounding ( this movie being a plagiarised copy of
i know what you did last summer ) .
the first 30 minutes of the movie is based on a typical story setting ; a bunch of so - called cool teenagers relishing their vacation in florida and being themselves by behaving very much like the juveniles they are .
the only insight we get at this point is the extent to which the director succeeded in illustrating a pretentious sense of adolescent decadence within the characters .
the second half hour of the movie gains a little momentum and begins to illustrate a start to the no- where - near unprecedented killings .
the third half hour of the movie will most definitely remain a mystery to me because i switched it off before i could further delude myself into thinking that the movie may still have something interesting and original left to show .
as far as the story is concerned , it can easily be explained in a few lines .
a bunch of teenagers go to florida on vacation .
while they are busy partying , they slowly ( and i mean slowly ) begin to get killed because they know some sort of silly secret .
the only thread to the killings is that all victims were matriculates of a common high school .
one thing that did however amaze me about this movie , was how much betty ( i m not sure about her name ..
the blonde character ) looks like reese witherspoon .
another thing that amazed me about the movie was that it made me jump from my seat a few times .
does that make it a work of art ?
absolutely not because my 12 year old niece made me drop a glass of orange juice because she " boo'ed " me when i was just about to go through the guest room door .. whats the difference between the director and my 12 year old niece ?
? ? ? do you wanna know a secret ? ?
i 'm not sure about you guys , but i do n't ..
i saw this cinematic wretchedness in a dollar theater with a friend in 1979 ( back when the tickets actually sold for $ 1 ) .
this is the only film i have ever walked out on ( with my friend , while the idiocy that is the " laser bra 2000 " sketch was on screen ) .
evidently , my and my friend 's reaction to the film was a common one .
it is not that i found the film offensive ( either as an 18-year - old or now ) , but rather that it is mind - numbingly stupid and patently unfunny , devoid even of the unintended humor that makes a ed wood film watchable .
this is the real reason why nbc refused to air it , rather than a failure to comprehend mr. mike 's " vision " ( unless , of course , his vision was to drive the film 's backers into bankruptcy).i remained surprised to this day that this film does not seem to have made any published " 10 worst films of all time " list .
it certainly makes mine .
you have been warned .
i am so happy and surprised that there is so much interest in this movie !
jack frost was my introduction into the films produced and distributed by a - pix entertainment , and without exception , everything this company deals with is pure crap !
first , and this is very important , never ever watch this movie sober !
why would you ?
unlike many other entertaingly bad movies , this one i feel was made intentionally bad .
i just ca n't get over how fake the snowman is , which is why its always shown only briefly , the way it moves is the best !
this movie is waaaaaaaaaaay better than the michael keaton piece of crap , becuz that was made too be a good movie , and that version is as bad as this .
the comeback starts off looking promising , with a brutal death scene by a mask wearing killer .
the mask itself is pretty cool too , and looks almost identical to the one used in the 1990 's slasher film " granny " .
from then on the film is mostly boring .
we get a few more deaths , which again are good , but there 's not enough of them .
the reason the deaths are so good is because they are frenzied and bloody .
the story behind the film is actually rather interesting and would have worked very well
had it not been so boring for the most part .
i would avoid this unless you 're a die - hard collector - there 's not enough here to even make it an average slasher flick .
slashers ( 2 outta 5 stars)not really a very good movie ...
but i did like the idea behind it ... and the the filmmakers did make it look pretty good considering the tiny budget they had to work with .
the movie is ostensibly an " episode " of a live japanese reality show that sends several contestants into a sealed off " danger zone " and has three costumed creeps sent after to them to kill them .
the survivor , if there is one , wins fame and fortune ...
everyone else just winds up dead .
the main drawback to this movie is that the acting is pretty bad .
none of the " real " people seem real at all .
the actors playing the killers are kind of fun ... because they are portraying cheesy and over - the - top caricatures of popular modern horror movie types ... and that 's exactly how they would be done if this was an actual show .
the movie pretends to be done all in one take ... there is one cameraman who follows the contestants around the " danger zone " and everything is seen from the point of view of his camera ...
but the lights keep flickering on and off constantly ( to hide the " cuts " from one take to another , i would imagine ) .
i only rented this because i loved the first movie .
however , calling it john carpenters vampires : los muertos is just a con trick to get you to rent it .
he is in fact executive producer and clearly had nothing to do with the making of this film ( jeepers creepers anyone?)a tragic storyline , terrible special effects and jon bon jovi as the least convincing vampire hunter of all time .
it 's not even comically bad .
what we end up with is a dull , uninvolving film with a terrible script and indefinsibly bad and clichéd acting .
it just reeks of low budget .
avoid like the bubonic plague .
warning :
possible spoilers ( not that you should care .
also , sorry for the caps.)starting with an unnecessarily dramatic voice that 's all the more annoying for talking nonsense , it goes on with nonsense and unnecessary drama .
that 's badly but accurately put .
we know space travel is a risky enterprise .
there 's a complicated system with a lot of potential for malfunctions , radiation , stress - related symptoms etc , and unexpected things are bound to happen in largely unknown environments .
they knew stuff could go wrong .
in fact , stuff had gone wrong .
it 's called learning .
granted , appollo 11 was n't safe by today 's standards and there was immense political pressure , but the overall performance of the technology on the mission was impressive .
assorted mistakes / comments
i had n't even to look up:1 )
nixon prepared a speech in case something went wrong .
well duh .
that 's what i would 've done .
it was the apex of a propaganda war , after all.2 ) nasa gives green light despite the fact that appollo 11 will probably blow up .
( this is " only " implicit , though . )
yeah , that 's why they let people and press watch in almost - real - time.3 )
the capsule ejection would n't work .
like it did n't work the time a chimp was in it .
the one that survived ?
it was a test launch and the rocket exploded , the capsule accelerated away and landed with a parachute .
there 's a video of it , you can probably find it on youtube or
at least look it up somewhere.4 )
one interviewed guy says an explosion would have wiped out a fair part of florida .
i can only assume it was meant as a hyperbole , 'cause if not , i 'm just aghast how he could get it
wrong.5 )
the technology then was primitive compared to today 's standards .
actually , relatively primitive software and hardware is used even today , the reason being that it must not crash .
it 's even worse for spacecraft , because their computers must be built of comparably large components that are n't that susceptible to radiation .
( and the craft itself must be pilotable manually anyway , so a complex steering system like the b2 's would n't do . )
what 's with the fact that they were using " tv screens " rather than " computer screens " ?
it 's the same damn technology .
actually tv monitors were and are produced with a significantly higher definition.6 )
" if that object was n't part of the rocket , it could be only one thing .
" we see where this is going .
apart from the fact that the statement is wrong , who says it was n't a rocket part ?
at least an interviewee clears up that if a thing is flying and you do n't know what it is , it 's by definition an unidentified flying object.7 )
the voice - over as well as some misquotes make it seem as though the lander 's radiation foil was actually its hull .
which would make it thinner than a space suit.8 )
neil armstrong 's near death during a practice flight is footage i can appreciate ; i had n't seen it before .
as i said , any piece of manifest technology can go wrong , especially if it 's not been tested sufficiently on account of being , you know , unprecedented.9)the trajectory discrepancy of the descending lander ( due to irregularities in the moon 's density ) was at no time acutely life - threatening .
neither was the " fifteen seconds of fuel left " , which was , in fact , " fifteen seconds of fuel left before having to abort the mission and returning to the command module".10 )
a " catastrophic chain of events " usually results in catastrophe .
i really do n't know how to put it any simpler .
this , however , is a prime example of the rhetoric used.11 )
there 's a short sequence of one of the astronauts walking and hopping around aimlessly like a gleeful kid , followed by the voice - over telling us that the reason for this strange behavior " can now be revealed " .
turns out , he was walking and hopping around aimlessly like a gleeful kid .
hilarious stuff.12 )
it 's mentioned that during re - entry , all contact was lost .
this is a perfectly natural phenomenon and it was as well known at the time as it 's impossible to circumvent with contemporary technology .
again , the gravity of this is implicit , but
very purposely so.13 )
there was never a shuttle lost in space itself , while the voice - over presents this " fact " as evidence that appollo 11 was a pile of crap .
appollo 13 was a near - loss , but the two real disasters happened during liftoff and re - entry , respectively .
in any case , comparing shuttles to saturn rockets is somehow ...
well , okay , just plain stupid .
even ignoring that , the successful shuttle missions seem to not have been deemed of interest to the audience.14 )
what the hell 's up with the ufo ?
even in the context of the movie , it makes no sense .
unless you assume it was made for entertainment purposes , aimed at a specific audience ( which seems to include people with next to no understanding of either history , science , or rhetorics).even the point of the movie is somewhat obscure .
catch - phrases like " covered up until now " , " publically revealed here for the first time " , come up , but the film does n't place any blame or offer a lesson or anything , which could be expected of a film so emotionally done .
in the good old tradition of sensationalism , there are numerous interview shots and recording fragments that are often out of context or with people that we know nothing about except " nasa scientist " .
wow , so the astronauts were very nervous before the endeavor ?
fancy that .
what does this have to do with the point of the movie again ?
oh yeah , which point .
in summary , in addition to being either willfully or incompetently inaccurate , it 's not even good entertainment .
and believe me , i 'm a guy who enjoys his crappy documentaries ; this film is n't funny , witty , quaint , it 's nothing .
this movie will be a hit with those that enjoy sophomoronic , mindless , explicit bragging about sexual exploits and f ... in almost every sentence .
like a good plot ?
like comedy ?
like romance or other human values ?
stay away from whipped .
it was so bad i left after about half an hour .
i saw two kids slip in that looked to be about 10 --
very harmful -- this deserves an x.
if you hate redneck accents , you 'll hate this movie .
and to make it worse , you see patrick swayze , a has been trying to be a redneck .
i really ca n't stand redneck accents .
i like billy bob thornton
, he was good in slingblade , but he was annoying in this movie .
and what kind of name is lonnie earl ?
how much more hickish can this movie get ?
the storyline was stupid .
i 'm usually not this judgemental of movies , but i could n't stand this movie .
if you want a good billy bob thornton movie , go see slingblade .
my mom found this movie for $ 5.95 at wal mart
... figures ...
i think i 'll wrap it up and give it to my grandma for christmas .
it could just be that i ca n't stand redneck accents usually , or that i ca n't stand patrick swayze .
maybe if patrick swayze was n't in it .
i did n't laugh once in the movie .
i laugh at anything stupid usually .
if they had shown someones fingers getting smashed , i might have laughed .
people 's fingers getting smashed by accident always makes me laugh .
* * * spoilers
* * * * * * spoilers
continued ...
from here on in the whole movie collapses in on itself .
first we meet a rogue program with the indication we 're gon na get ghosts and vampires and werewolves and the like .
we get a guy with a retarded accent talking endless garbage , two ' ghosts ' that serve no real purpose and have no character what - so - ever and a bunch of henchmen .
someone 's told me they 're vampires ( straight out of blade 2 ) , but they 're so undefined
i did n't realise .
the funny accented guy with a ridiculous name suffers the same problem as the oracle , only for far longer and far far worse .
he has a simple point about cause and effect , makes it , then continues to make it and make it until it becomes convoluted and stupid .
his final line before walking off is comparable to storm 's " do you know what happens to a toad ...
" line in x - men in levels of utter bland baddness .
the chocolate cake is such a lazy , pathetic cliche and monica bellucci as the wife does nothing other than exactly what we expect the moment we see her .
and then we get another kung fu fight ! ! !
neo is , allegedly , the one .
he can do anything .
he has the ultimate power and what does he use it for .
kung bloody fu all the time .
and while he can stop 1000 bullets , he still gets cut by a sword and still makes a meal of 5 undecipherable henchmen ( vampires ? ) .
i wanted to see mind blowing powers .
i wanted to see him do the wildest , craziest most insane
* * * to people because he can do anything .
i got the same as before without the ' wow' .
the fabled car chase .
that ca n't be bad .
well ...
no , it 's not .
it 's just not what we 've been tyold it was going to be .
all the cool shots from this scene are in the trailer .
every one .
so all possibly wow has been taken from us so all we now get is a good chase sequence with , guess what , a kung fu fight ! ! !
ok , it 's not neo , but you 'd have thought he 'd have explained to his closest friends about the reality of the matrix .
at least taught them something .
it 's not hard .
, morpheus , do n't worry about what happens to you in the matrix .
it 's not real .
as long as you understand that nothing 's real then nothing can really harm you .
"there
you go .
simple .
ok , so the chase is not bad .
it 's never boring and it does n't seem like 16 minutes .
it 's just so underwhelming .
and still , it gets worse .
the final climax to the movie is quite probably the worst imaginable .
they have this whole elaborate plan that involves three crews .
they then only show it sporadically between morpheus 's over long , super preachy , monologue .
to make it worse , they never clearly define what this plan that needs 3 teams is .
you know basically , but you do n't know who 's doing what , when , so
when one crew goes down you just do n't care and you do n't know how this is going to affect what goes on .
i'll sum it up though , it happens so trinity can get back into the matrix to setup the end .
that 's the only reason it happens .
which raises the question , why did they need to send 6 people originally ?
trinity gets in in five minutes by herself!neo 's journey to the centre of the matrix ( so to speak ) is handled equally lazily .
ooohhh ! ! !
he runs into another 100 agent smiths ! ! !
woooooo ! ! !
that must 've taken a lot of thought .
only now they 're in a corridor so the fight has no scale and is over in a moment .
man , what a grand finale!!!and
then the architect!!!remember everything i said was bad about the oracle and the foreign guy ?
add them together and double it , that 's how truly appalling the architect is .
the only reasonable potential of him is he 's about to set up the cliffhanging climax .
and then he blows
it!let 's look at the options he gives neo .
choose one door and all humanity dies ( except 27 ! ! ! ) .
choose the other and all humanity dies ! ! !
considering choice is something this film tries to explore it does n't really give it 's hero one .
if he had a choice of save humanity and the missus dies or save the missus and kill humanity
there 's the potnetial for inner torment and tension .
also , with trinity being mid fall , the potential of a real cliffhanger that would 've made seeing the third more essential .
but no .
he has save no - one or save the missus .
now , the very worst thing about the original matrix was neo dying and then coming back to life right at the end .
the year it came out everyone was so annoyed by
how stupid jar jar was they did n't notice that the very end of the matrix made him look him steven hawking .
the oracle told me i 'd fall in love with the one , and i love you " ....
come on ! ! ! !
how can the whole world have missed how utterly terrible that was?so , what do the wachowski 's do in the sequel ?
well , they make the ending of the original look better .
well , by doing almost exactly the same thing again ( only swapping characters ) only so much worse i think my f a and r keys would be worn out if i kept writing far before i got to worse .
and the cliffhanger is just not really a cliffhanger .
it 's a reminder .
basically , this film is just bad .
i really did n't want it to be bad , but it is .
bad in just so many ways .
and to make matters worse , this is n't a film with not enough budget .
it 's not a film with too short a schedule .
it 's not a film that 's been rushed out .
it 's not a film where too much influence has come from the outside .
this is exactly the film the wachowski 's set out to make with warner 's fortune fully behind them .
and that 's what makes this so awful .
at least rancid aluminium can say that it did n't haev enough time or money .
matrix reloaded .
the worst film ever made ?
maybe not quite .
the most disappointing and defalting film ever made .
undeniably .
that is quite an outdated movie which aims to showcase the youth 's yearning for freedom in some dehumanizing british school .
oh yes it 's like in the army , you learn to obey and do what you 're asked to .
yes the young dream of something else
but it breaks their dreams and sweeps away their optimism on the threshold of life .
great .
basically that 's how you could sum up the nice intentions in
if ...
nice intentions that arouses no cinematographic challenges : the result is a declamatory movie .
do you see how boring i mean?at least that oldie helped kubrick cast mcdowell in a clockwork orange , a movie with a truly powerful social satire and no self - indulgent sentimentalism .
hey look , deal with it , there are much better portrayals of the hardship of black america than this .
although i think this story is weak , my criticism is focused on the poor execution of the story , which i have mentioned , blows .
this was made in the mid-80 's and is horrible in the music / score department .
it 's funny to see oprah as a latter - day crack - whore type .
the scene where bigger stuffs elizabeth mcgovern into the incinerator .
pure classic cinema .
first off , i do n't care how drunk you are , you will react to 1200f degree flame ( no matter how bad your acting ) .
but they really milked that scene ...
it was comical .
i 'll tell you what though , i had great satisfaction in seeing elizabeth mcgovern burn in a faux death ; she annoys me .
i spent almost two hours watching a movie that i thought , with all the good actors in it , would be worth watching .
i could n't believe it when the movie ended and i had absolutely no idea
what had happened .....
i was mad because i could have used that time doing something else ....
i tried to figure it all out , but really had no clue .
thanks to those who figured it out and have explained it ....
right or wrong , it 's better than not knowing anything ! !
who was the lady in the movie with dark hair that we saw a couple of times driving away ?
how did first lady know that her husband was cheating on her ?
at the end of the movie
kate said she would eventually find out the truth .
does this mean that we 're going to be subjected to end game 2 ?
what we have here is a classic case of too much patriotism .
this is what happens when you live in a small country with very little ( next to none , even ) cinema history .
whenever somebody does come up with a slightly more ambitious film project  other than the usual dramas about struggling farmer families or long feature slapstick movies of local comedians
everybody feels obliged to love it and even responsible to spread favorable reviews across the countries ' borders .
this is especially the case when the writer / director of this particular film is already a nation 's sweetheart , because he 's also the founder and lead singer of a popular rock band .
any way
the wind blows " is by no means a bad film , but it 's definitely overrated ( if that is even possible within the boundaries of a small country ) and has absolutely nothing new or even remotely original to offer .
this is basically the flemish version of classic movies such as " short cuts " and " magnolia " and illustrates a mosaic of characters whose daily lives initially appear to be unrelated but eventually come together in the end .
the only thing that seems to unite the eight protagonists at first is the city of antwerp , where they all live and work , but gradually the deeper relationships between them become transparent and near the climax they all gather for a party .
the main problem with " any way the wind blows " , at least according to yours truly , lies with the characters .
they really are random , uninteresting and honestly do n't experience anything that could be considered out of the ordinary .
it was presumably writer / director tom barman 's intention to depict the average & regular inhabitant of antwerp but then , seriously , what is the point ?
one of the characters gets fired from his film projectionist job , another one is a failed novelist struggling with a marriage crisis , two siblings recently lost their father and the most " mysterious " one of them all is followed by the wind wherever he goes .
there are a couple of more characters regularly walking through the screen , but they 're even less worth mentioning .
these people simply drivel on and on about very random topics ( like life in the 80 's , dates and each other 's bowel motions ) and philosophy about matters nobody cares about .
some of the dialogs do evoke mild chuckles , especially the interactions between the two twenty - something guys from ghent , but still nothing extraordinary or even memorable .
the film actually works best as a touristy video to promote the city of antwerp and as an extended & versatile music documentary .
there are several stylish & nifty sightseeing images of antwerp and there 's always beautiful music playing ,
whether really loud or subtly in the background .
generally speaking " any way
the wind blows " is a competently made and stylish effort , but too mundane and slightly boring , and i honestly wonder most of its fans would even had bothered to watch if it were n't a flemish production .
i thought this movie was terrible .
i 'm chinese , so i thought everything was totally wrong .
many of the facts were incorrect .
the only thing right about chinese history in the movie was when wendy 's mother explained to her husband about the statues that guarded shihuangdi .
i also thought the fight scenes were very cheesy and fake .
many of the actors and actresses were not very great .
some of the jokes that were supposedly " funny " were really stupid .
i think this movie should receive the worst possible rating it could get .
disney has really got to get more information about chinese history if they want to create an extravagant movie .
mulan was quite accurate .
watch this movie if you want to waste some time .
i agree with those reviews i have read here , and i have no words to define such a turkey like this , but despite everything , i still can find a reason for movies like this to exist .
do you remenber those happy days in which video was a prosperous business , and a lot of movies were made with the only reason of filling the shelves of the video stores ?
this movie comes from that period and i can imagine that was the only reason for which it was produced and the same happened with many , many , many other stinkers .
do you remember " rambo " imitations ?
and so many slashers of z grade ?
, i still feel nostalgia for that period .
about this movie i can say i didn´t waste my time watching it because i pressed the fast forward button after the first fifteen minutes , just to find a very funny scene in which a guy was pushing an axe against heads which exploded because , as you perfectly notice , they were made of plastic .
and about the end , well , it was so badly filmed i could not understand what happened .
that´s
the same , i had not followed the non - existing plot at all .
but boy , video - age was a great age despite movies like this .
there is so much that is wrong with this film , but to sum it up :
terrible acting-
so bad it must have been on purpose .
poor script - they may have had some good ideas but this was not the best way to present the story .
ridiculously bad ending-
in some cases the ending manages to save the film - not in this case .
if you manage to sit through the entire film you will want to kick yourself at the end because the ending is not even worth waiting for .
this is the worst film i have seen in a long time .
it was complete torture sitting through this film , i would have appreciated someone warning me in advance .
so do yourself a favor .
watch this film only if you have absolutely nothing better to do .
even then you will regret having put yourself through the unspeakable torture .
what an awful show .
science fiction fans seem to watch anything anymore regardless of quality .
it shocks me that something exceptional like firefly lasts one season , while garbage like the battlestar galactica remake spawns a spin off .
this spin off is pitiful in every aspect of the show .
the acting is juvenile and uninspired .
the characters are cardboard clichés of everything that has ever been in a bad sci - fi series .
the story is bad .
the dialog is worse than a prime time soap opera .
the direction is shoddy and the sets are awful .
caprica is a waste of film , a waste of time and a waste of effort .
this is one spin off that should have never been made .
horrible , horrible tv show !
why comedy central decided to repeat old episodes of this program is beyond me .
it really sucks !
i am , of course , speaking about the seasons after the first two .
the first two seasons were golden , and if i was exclusively talking about those seasons , this show would have gotten eight out of ten stars .
none of the comedians appearing after the first two seasons who were not part of the original cast are any good .
they were , and are , awful .
the comedy is not funny at all .
at all ! ! !
the original cast was full of very talented comedians , like artie lange , phil lamarr , and mary schorr ( or whatever her name is ) , all of whom should have gotten better deals after they left mad tv .
this show is highly overrated , and less worthy of your channel surfing time than saturday night live , another horrible show .
go out on saturday night and have fun , and leave mad tv to wither and die , as it deserves to .
visually disjointed and full of itself , the director apparently chose to seek faux - depth to expand a 5 minute plot into an 81 minute snore - fest .
the moments that work in this film are very limited , and the characters do n't even feel real .
how could you feel invested in a main protagonist who was made so surreal ?
substantively and stylistically , it all feels like a quirky dream sequence .
jarring irregular camera work , awkward silences and gaps in action , and what 's with the little spider image crawling across the screen ?
whoever thought of that needs to go back to film school .
it added no meaning , just cheese , and did n't even stylistically work with the rest of the film ( assuming the film even had a style , which is a close call ) .
what a flop .
a somewhat awkward spy mystery with a predictable plot about world war two dangers .
the mystery is whether or not jane graystone ( nancy coleman ) has amnesia .
the best acting is done by raymond massey as dr. ingersoll , a good doctor turned evil .
he is head of a spy ring attempting to get information from amnesiac jane , coded information related to allied activities .
will she tell ?
can she remember ?
moroni olson ( as mr. goodwin ) is convincing as an accomplice to massey .
the role played by john garfield ( as dr. lewis ) is nothing short of disastrous .
he seems so badly miscast that the casting has to be ranked as one of the worst in film history .
it is unfortunate that so talented an actor is stuffed into a role which not befitting his talents .
the movie is worth one look , despite being a half spy and half gangster film , and despite containing a parade of stereotyped characters .
it 's easy to forget this one , amnesia is not necessary .
this was the first sequel i 'd seen ( apart from return of jafar )
and i honestly thought before watching it that it would be close to the original .
i was horribly disappointed .
the storyline was , basically , the first script with a few extra characters and the situation turned around .
ariel and eric have a daughter , melody who is n't satisfied with life on land .
she wants to become a mermaid .
however , ariel has kept her past from her daughter because she wants to protect her - and when melody finds out she 's upset and angry .
and she then decides to run away , and she becomes a mermaid .
so she 's happy swimming around , and ariel sets out to find her - as a mermaid .
the story does n't sound too bad written down , but the clichés and repeats of situations from the first movie are just too obvious .
and adding the fact that melody is , overall , extremely annoying , and the movie becomes almost unbearable .
there 's also a whole load of other new characters - tip and dash being two of them .
they are n't too bad as characters in themselves - just try not to think of timon or pumbaa !
the songs leave a lot to be desired too , they just do n't have the same magical energy as the songs from the original did .
the animation obviously did n't have a whole load of work put into it either - in parts
it 's jumpy , and not much imagination is used for the characters movements .
another piece of advice - try to forget about ariel 's original character while watching this movie .
the beautiful , rebellious , curious teenager has ' all grown up ' into a bland , boring wife and mother , and her trademark red hair is all tied up .
this is much better viewed if you 've never seen the original - you'll have nothing to compare it to .
however , all in all , it could have been worse -
it 's not as bad as certain other sequels , such as cinderella ii .
but it 's not in the same league as the original .
but it for your collection if nothing else but if disney go on like this they 'll lose all their older fans .
there are pretty landscape shots .
writers putting trite mouthings into actors mouths .
with lesser actors this show would be silly . '
art must uplift humanity or it 's bs . '
not so because art of all those mentioned is also to stir humanity and express the dark side .
the lead character even says those who do n't drink hide the shadow side .
wrong , he lived in darkness and repressed his dark side by drinking and being one dimensional not expanding his horizons with something other than landscapes .
there was n't a breathing organism in his work nor expression of his pain .
all the artist did was limit himself to dime a dozen landscapes .
the discussions between the characters was grade school , trite stuff always giving the one character the upper hand the writer wanted .
i tried to like it after reading all the first wow comments on here .
i had to dig deep to see those i agreed with .
i figure the great comments were from those connected to the movie .
i was moved only once towards the end .
the kid was way too passive .
the scenery was nice and the music ridiculous .
just my opinion but nowhere show for me .
i had never heard of this adam sandler movie until i saw it on the wall at blockbuster .
being an adam sandler fan at the time , i rented it .
honestly
i could only watch about 30 mins .
of it .
it was terrible .
do whatever it takes to keep this out of the hands of the public .
i honestly hope this movie goes oop soon , and i hope it stays that way !
' major payne ' is a film about a major who makes life a living hell for his small group of boys in the marines .
this film does not really have a lot to offer , but it provides several hilarious moments that are well - worth a watch .
do n't expect it to be a memorable film , however .
just expect to laugh your way through the film and at the expense of other people .
the confrontation between major payne and the chubby boy were hilarious , and that 's really all i remember about the film except for the boys wanting revenge on major payne .
again , it is not a great film , and it is probably best watched on a rainy day when you need some laughter .
this anime series starts out great :
interesting story , exciting events , interesting characters , beautifully rendered and executed .
not everything is explained right away , dangling a proverbial carrot before the viewer , enticing the viewer to watch each succeeding episode .
but imagine the disappointment to find that the sci - fi thriller / giant robot adventure is only a backdrop for psycho - babble and quasi - religious preachy exploitation .
if you want to hear " you 're ok .
it 's good to be you . "
after being embattled with negative slogans and the characters ' negative emotions , then this is for you .
if you want a good sci - fi flick that is simply fun to watch , forget this one .
both the original , and the alternate endings were grossly disappointing to me .
all that , and this movie was too preachy .
i once thought that " the stoned age " was the worst film ever made ...
i was wrong .
hobgoblins " surpassed it in every way i could imagine and a few i could n't .
in " the stoned age " i hated the characters .
in " hobgoblins " i hated the actors ... and everyone else involved in creating this atrocity .
i wo n't include a teaser to this film , i 'm not that cruel .
i could n't subject innocent people such as yourselves to such torment .
in fact , any discussion of plot pertaining to this film is senseless and demeaning .
words i would use to describe this film are as follows : insipid , asinine , and ingenuous .
in conclusion , please do n't watch this film .
i beg of you , from one movie lover to another ...
no , from one human being to another , please .
for the sake of your own sanity and intellect do not watch it .
destroy any copies you come across .
the infamous ed wood " classic " plan 9 from outer space features an indignant alien calling the human race , " ... stupid !
stupid , stupid stupid !
" i 'd have to say exhibit a in that trial would probably this movie , a ridiculously silly sci - fi film .
falling action star jean claude van damme returns to a hit role for him from the original movie , luke , a former universal soldier who now works making really good universal soldiers .
while van damme was too big to reprise the role in the first two sequels , he was too small to do much of anything else by the time
the fourth film in the universal soldier series came around .
so , probably cursing under his breath the whole way , he kicks and grunts and scowls through ninety minutes of explosions and karate kicks .
you 'll find plenty of mindless violence , but i 'd advise you get a coat check for your brain at the door when you start watching this thing .
otherwise , you are liable to forget where you left it by the time it 's over .
luke is called into action against more universal soldiers after a really really really evil computer named seth ( makes hal look like ghandi ) turns all the other universal soldiers into evil , remorseless killers .
of course this is what these things are programmed to do , but in this case they are killing their creators , not " the enemy " so that 's a problem .
i love the dumb logic of this movie .
logic that believes that a supercomputer would create a body for itself that looks as ashamed as michael jai white does to be in this movie .
logic that dictates that the creator of seth be a blue - haired cyber - stereotype geek who spouts cliches more regularly than old faithful does steam .
logic that has a climactic karate fight feature two characters kicking each other though ten separate panes of shattering glass in the span of three minutes of screen time .
the film also features a daughter in peril character , wrestler bill goldberg as a wrestler disguised as a universal soldier , and a romance so tacked on , i have to think the writers thought tacked on romances were actually a good thing .
and when this movie ends , it ends .
not a minute after a gigantic towering finale - style explosion are the credits running .
no epilogue , no where are they now , no final kiss , just explosion , hug , over .
even the creators want to get out of this thing as soon as possible .
while it 's no plan 9 , us : tr is a silly little trifle of an action movie that would be fun at parties full of rowdy van damme fans who enjoy seeing their hero really reaching new depths .
not to be seen on a serious stomach .
i give 3 stars only for the beautiful pictures of africa .
the rest was ... well pretty boring .
for about 50min we have the outline of the plot ...
in war of the worlds , the introductory part lasted , oh , about 10min ?
then was real action !
this is something like:"let 's take a walk in the savanna and gasp at the beautiful sunsets ! " .
and maybe deliver a message , like " do n't kill elephants ! " .
very ecological .
i would have expected this out of a " new " steven segal movie , not from this ...
the leading actress makes me think about artificial sun - tan , dyed hair and too much foundation !
and i did n't see one scene where her hair is messed up , or she sweats , or her clothes are dusty .
she just does n't look like a 19 century woman !
and in the bar , where they seek up our hero , swayze makes a comment about the commander that he looks like dracula .
hmmm , bram stoker wrote his book and published it in 1896 , and it became famous in the next years .
livingstone and other explorers went to central africa from 1840 to 1880 .
so unless the action takes place between 1896 and 1900 ..
houston , we have a problem .
swayze makes a nice impression .. as a nutshell - hard on the outside , but soft and cuddly on the inside .
not that i would cuddle with a nut , but you get the point .
he really manages to have that beaten puppy look on his face on several occasions .
the movie stank .
way too long and increasingly boring .
do n't watch it !
do n't buy it !
it 's a waste of your money !
i know no one cares , but i do .
this film is historic for one reason .
it is the unity of two heroes from two great seventies sci - fi films .
well , one is great , and one is quite bad .
the great one is truly great , in fact it 's the best .
the bad one is truly bad , in fact it 's the worst .
of course of the great i refer to " star wars " and it 's star mark hamill , aka " luke skywalker " , who is the hero of this film about a kid who gets his vette swiped and then goes to vegas ( on a lead ) and after a whole lot of adventures , eventually recovers it .
( since he 's into fixing cars i guess you can call him " lube skywalker " ) .
along the way he meets a hooker with a heart of gold , and ends up facing off with a character played by kim milford , the hero from the seventies sci - fi cult film " laserblast " , which is , as i 've hinted at earlier , the worst sci - fi film ever made .
milford plays the lead baddie whom hamill must steal his car back from .
i realize that no one cares about this meeting of two great sci - fi heroes , but i do .
and i also must say that this is one of the best / worst movies of all time .
mark hamill 's acting needs the force , the plot needs extensive jedi training , and the character of the hooker played by annie potts just might be the most annoying character of all time , ever , in any film i 've ever seen .
but it 's a fun movie to watch on a weekend day , or a weekday night , late at night , very late .
it 's one of those films that meanders , looking for something but without quite finding it and yet , at the same time , it 's entire purpose is , like free - form jazz , to simply exist as is .
and it does .
and what is , is n't that great , but you ca n't say it is n't entertaining , because for an hour and a half you might feel ripped off , but you wo n't feel cheated .
so turn off your mind , relax , and enjoy this muddled gem without any expectations , and may the force be with you , always .
well , this movie started out funny but quickly deteriorated .
i thought it would be more ' adult oriented ' humor based on the first few moments
but then the movie switched into a bad made - for - disney channel type mode , especially a go - kart racing scene that was incredibly long .
alana de la garza is gorgeous but has a really fake italian accent .
the movie looked and sounded very independent and low budget .
there was one very cute moment which i 'll just call the serenading scene but overall this one was a yawner .
the laughs are very few and far between .
the end surprise for " mr. fix
it " is so ridiculous it left me more mad than anything else .
might be worth a look if you can catch it for free or tv but do n't waste your money buying or renting this movie .
last year 's remake of ' the hills have eyes ' was one of the better attempts to update the vaguely exploitational horror flicks of the 1970s for a new audience .
alexandre aja allowed for an admirable degree of character development and when the violence started it was mean and savage and all carried out in a landscape of impeccable photography and production design .
i was one of the few people who actually thought that it was better than the original and looked forward to a second visit to the particularly dark and cruel world of the savage desert mutants .
'the hills have eyes 2 ' , released just a year after the original , seems a rushed and ill - conceived attempt to cash in on the franchise with little thought to quality .
jonathan craven 's screenplay could have been written in a weekend , and given the speed with which this movie made it into cinemas , probably was .
it falls back on every hackneyed genre cliché in the book while offering absolutely nothing new to the desert mutant mythology .
i always let out a groan of disappointment when a sequel replaces civilian characters with the military .
soldiers are always so lazily written and never fail to thoroughly bore with crude caricatures of strutting macho bullshit .
in my mind , ' aliens ' was the only movie to successfully make such a transition , due to james cameron 's talent , not simply for directing the best action sequences around , but never forgetting that an audience has to care about the people being butchered .
he was also ably assisted by some genuinely talented actors .
with ' the hills have eyes 2 ' , it 's clear that video director martin weisz is no james cameron , and the cast of television bit - parters have n't the talent or even the inclination to turn their cardboard cutout characters into anything approaching living , breathing human beings .
needless to say , every character is a broad and generic cliché .
they act in dumb and illogical ways , making dumb and illogical decisions that lead them to predictably dumb and illogical deaths .
the latter half of the movie becomes just another tedious chased - through - dark - corridors scenario . '
the descent ' ( on which sam mccurdy , coincidentally , also worked as cinematography ) proved that even this most derivative of sequences can still be carried out with genuine originality and suspense , but we see no such innovation here .
'the hills have eyes 2 '
is just a very lazy movie ,
devoid of any suspense , tension , or surprise , with not a single individual involved remotely interested in producing anything of quality .
it 's a tame and tired excuse for a sequel and deserves to spend the rest of its life in a blockbuster 's bargain bin .
you do n't expect much from a prc picture , and with rare exceptions -- mainly from edgar g. ulmer and a few by joseph h. lewis or lew landers -- that 's exactly what you get : not much .
this " epic " about nazis in africa trying to incite an arab revolt against the british is n't much different .
the script , by longtime prc hacks arthur st. claire and sherman lowe , is trite , laughable , full of unfunny " wisecracks " and plot holes the size of outer mongolia .
the direction , by longtime prc no - budget specialist al herman , is semi - comatose at best .
the performances , though -- except for spectacularly incompetent and irritatingly hammy lead walter woolf king -- aren't really half bad .
veteran comedian parkyakarkus is actually the best thing about the film .
he plays a guy from brooklyn masquerading as a razor - blade salesman and brightens up the screen considerably when he shows up .
he 's got great comic timing , charm to spare and seems to be having a heck of a good time .
duncan renaldo is fairly convincing as an arab sheik -- despite his spanish accent -- and veteran bad guy george j. lewis as renaldo 's arab rival does his usual fine job of villainy , even if he goes a bit over the top sometimes .
joan woodbury is quite pretty and has a nice light touch , and she and renaldo have great chemistry together , although -- like the rest of the cast -- she has none at all with king .
h.b. warner , whose career stretched back to the silent era , lends a shred of dignity to the low - rent proceedings , even though he blows his lines several times and , prc being prc , they were n't cut out .
there 's a great deal of stock footage spliced in from a big - budget silent movie with a similar arab theme -- although i have no idea which one it is --
and , prc being prc , no effort was made to try to make it inconspicuous : i 've seldom seen stock footage that was so blatantly obvious .
"a yank in libya " is n't very good , of course --
well , ok , it stinks -- but it would be worth a look just to see parkyakarkus in his prime .
i had heard of him and knew that he was the father of actor / director albert brooks and super dave osborne , but had never actually seen him in anything before .
it was worth watching this tenth - rate prc " extravaganza " just to see him in action .
otherwise , forget it .
when i saw that mary louise parker was associated with this epic novel turned film , i was intrigued .
being a fan of the book , i assumed she 'd be playing tony , roz , or charis , but more so , i was intrigued to see how they would turn this very head - y , almost psychological ( but not psychological thriller ) novel in to a movie that would be accessible to those who had n't read the novel , and that would be at least mildly satisfying for those who had .
the book is a complex reflection of society , women , and modern life , and i was interested to see how they used the 3 different narratives that lead to the unfolding of the story in a film .
what they actually did was a crime .
the biggest error and confusing issue is : why would oxygen , a network that advertises as being for women , take an amazing book about how complex , wonderful , and terrible women are and can be , and change the protagonist from 3 women to some dumb former cop with no real motive to be involved in the story ?
it seems like whoever adapted it took an easy way out by using this guy to
straight up
ask roz , tony , and charis about how they knew zenia and in doing that , they rushed through bulk of the book .
in doing this though they muddied the story and cut everything that is great about the characters in it , aside from making it
so the audience had no one credible to associate with .
in the film , these women are n't people , they are characters .
in the book zenia does fake her death , but the book mentions it to get this point across , while the film wastes 30 - 45 minutes focusing on this former cop running around and doing nothing of use .
they tried to make this complex book an episode of law and order or csi.it turns out that mary louise parker played zenia , which was so wrong .
zenia is a catherine zeta - jones , angelina jolie , or maybe even a scarlett johnasson type .
she is a woman men ca n't not adore , and a woman that women are intrigued and threatened by , but in a " keep your enemies closer " kind of way .
and once she gets closer , she seems totally genuine and trust worthy , despite your better judgment .
she 's the kind of woman who , even when she loses , she wins : she 's always still beautiful , still rich , and there are always still people out there who do n't know her game .
in the film , zenia did n't take charis 's man ( the blonde american draft dodger who was using charis in the first place ... )
but instead took august and tried to become her legal guardian ( and apparently came back to be her lesbian lover as a lingering kiss at the coffee shop implies ) .
and zenia did kill the chickens before leaving with august , but it made no sense since all of the build up to it was removed .
it 's was as if whoever wrote the screenplay was grasping at straws to satisfy those of us who read the book , but i think had i not read the book , i would have spent the whole movie confused , if i had bothered to stick with it at all .
and roz 's husband was dead before zenia came in to the picture ( which was weird since zenia took roz 's business and home life in the book , which is why roz hated her so much ) and she and zenia had conspired to kill roz 's husband years and years back .
and according to the film tony and west had been dating forever ...
even at the party where zenia and west ( in the book ) had painted the whole place black and they made tony seem like this totally with it ( and evil , bitchy ) person who was always respected by everyone for her intelligence and popular for it .
tony 's character was so wrong in this film ...
she seemed a little psycho and like the mastermind behind whatever conspiring was going down as opposed to the kind of gawky , mildly reclusive teacher that she was in the book .
the film basically implied smart women are evil , beautiful women are evil , powerful women are evil , and women who teach yoga are off their rockers .
they basically tried to make it
so zenia was n't necessarily as awful as she was in the book , and then , in the end , the three women convince this former cop ( who , of course in the process of researching this , meets zenia and has an affair with her that is supposed to end with them moving to barbados or something ridiculous , which of course zenia bails on ) to hide zenia 's body ( which they found splat at the hotel she was staying at , but the film implies that one of the three women pushed her over the balcony , or they conspired together to do it ... )
and then zenia also managed to take all of roz 's money in the process .
by the end of the film i was only half paying attention between commercials b
it had spiraled so far out in space from what it could and should have been .
if you are n't confused by this breakdown of the film , then maybe you would like it , because i have read the book and seen the movie , and from the movie alone i am ridiculously confused .
it was terrible .
i get that making a film out of that book is quite a task , but if you are going to take on the task , you should start by determining what in the book is unnecessary , instead of creating some useless character to be our alice in wonderland .
are there really no fluffier books that oxygen could be making at least half decent tv movies of ?
the progression of the plot is enough to " rope one in " and create curiosity about the outcome .
however , ultimately , the feeling that remains is that the producers of the movie forgot to end it .
if the intention was to create a perpetual circle ( occasionally done in the twilight zone ) , it was too sloppy to view as a positive effort .
this was surely the stupidest , crudest , most repulsive film i have seen in quite some time .
i was tempted to turn off the vcr , but , as in the fascination watching a horrible car accident , i literally found it compulsively hateable in every conceivable way and slugged it out through to the end .
i am by no means a prude who objects to the comedic portrayal of sexual antics on the screen .
animal house , porky 's , there 's something about mary , both american pie movies , and even the notorious freddy got fingered i have found highly enjoyable on their own crude terms .
mamie van doren 's breast - baring sponge bath is the most horrifying appearance by a naked geriatric since the shining .
ineptly edited and shot , with incredibly annoying performances from devon sawa and jason schwartzman , the film ended , without the benefit of having made me giggle once .
the only useful purpose for the film is as a textbook example of how not to make a gross out picture .
oh , and it would also serve nicely as a lawn fertilizer .
probably somebody heard of alberto tomba .
a former policeman , a former sky champion , and , now , a terrible actor . "
alex l'ariete " was planned to be a tv " mini serial " , but the italian television itself refused to show the movie on its channels .
now it 's a , believe me , ridiculous movie .
the script it 's simply hilarious ( it 's supposed to be a dramatic movie ) , something like a 5 years old kid work .
but what really blows you away
it 's the amateurish acting :
alberto tomba , who actually was not believable as a policeman himself , plays terribly a totally silly character : a special operations italian policeman specialized in smashing doors open !
( " ariete " is " ram " ) .
this super - guy will try to save a young nice girl life ( an actual italian " little " tv showgirl , married to the singer eros ramazzotti ) :
nice but absolutely inept in the acting .
lose this one and make yourself a favour .
a movie that is a shame to italian cinema industry : only john travolta in earth attack got close ..
i was really looking forward to this show given the quality of the actors and the fact that the scott brothers were involved .
unfortunately my hopes were dashed !
yet again we are led to believe that the kgb are a group of inept morons who do n't have a clue what they are doing .
at one point there is a laughable scene where 4 kgb agents could n't handle one cia agent .
i grow weary of these biased , one sided and completely inaccurate portrayals of the spy game that went on during the cold war .
i find it laughable that the us is incapable of making objective movies about their involvement in ww2 and beyond .
just like the pathetic u-571 , where we are led to believe that the us obtained the enigma machine , again , utterly false .
to its credit , " the company " is very well filmed and acted .
the locales are also exceptionally well realised .
alfred molina puts in a great performance as does keaton ( the conflict between them is very well done ) .
i really wanted to like this show and no doubt i will end up watching the other 2 episodes
but i really wish that us productions would stop trying to portray their spies , servicemen etc as supermen who are vastly intellectually and physically superior to anyone else on the planet .
it gets old fast and seriously detracts from the plausibility of what could have been a 10/10.s
my husband and i were intrigued by the spectacle - a strong willed southern lady with a messy personal life solves crimes for the lapd .
the first season was must - see tv for us .
unfortunately , the stories of her personal life in the second season became so tedious and unworthy of the strong character that we stopped watching .
my husband and i were troubled by the episode where she tries to hide from her mother the fact that she is shacked up .
but the deal breaker was the episode where she hides her possible pregnancy from her boyfriend but tells her boss .
why would a strong , middle aged woman do those things ?
the answer is she would n't .
additionally , my husband and i pick out the bad guy with almost perfect accuracy .
it is almost always a white male or female introduced in cameo at the murder scene or in an idealized family .
ca n't the script writers do something original from time to time ?
as i mentioned , we are no longer viewers .
we prefer shows that do n't betray the characters and insult our intelligence .
just in time to capitalize on the long - awaited movie version of " dreamgirls " is the dvd release of this semi - forgotten 1976 musical melodrama that also takes the rise of the supremes as its inspiration .
released five years before the broadway opening of " dreamgirls " and partially set in the same period , it has a predominantly black cast and a story revolving around an up - and - coming girl group , and that 's where the resemblance basically ends .
written by joel schumacher
well before he became a big - league director of mainstream studio product ( " batman forever " , " the phantom of the opera " ) , this movie seems grittier on the surface .
true to form , however , schumacher weakens the storyline and character development by injecting an abundance of clichés and eye - rolling one - liners .
with little affinity for staging musical numbers , sam o'steen , a highly regarded film editor but neophyte director , helms the production like a low - budget tv - movie with a frustratingly episodic structure .
the story follows three harlem sisters - sexy sister , self - righteous delores and sweet sparkle - as they sing in the church choir , meet smooth - talking but well - intentioned boys stix and levi , and then find their first taste of success as a singing group - first as a sweater - wearing quintet called the hearts and then as a glitzy trio known as sister and the sisters .
but naturally there are problems beyond the silly name for the group - sister gets involved with nasty drug dealer satin struthers who beats her and turns her into a cocaine junkie ; levi goes to prison for getting caught in a drug pick - up for satin ; stix gets frustrated by failure and unwisely turns to some jewish mobsters for financial help ; delores just gets plain fed up ; and poor little sparkle has to decide what kind of future she wants .
a big plus is that r&b great curtis mayfield wrote the atmospheric songs , some catchy and one , " look into your heart " , a real winner .
the solid cast does its best under the contrived circumstances .
lonette mckee 's valiant attempt to make sister a tragic figure is undercut by some of the ham - fisted plot turns , including a sad billie holliday - like turn at the mike .
before they hit it big on primetime tv , philip michael thomas and dorian harewood portray stix and levi with boyish vitality if not much credibility .
the best work comes from mary alice in a relatively silent turn as the girls ' patient mother and a pre-"fame " irene cara who effortlessly exudes sincerity in the title role ( though her costumer and hair stylist should be shot for the hideous look she achieves in the final scene ) .
the dvd just comes with the original theatrical trailer complete with an unctuous voice - over by dj casey kasem and a bonus cd of five of the film 's songs performed not by the original cast but by aretha franklin off her 1976 recording of the soundtrack .
it 's not a terrible movie , just an interesting if lacking curio that happens to cover the same ground as " dreamgirls " .
this movie had a fairly good sounding plot , but the paste was very slow ... very slow indeed .
even if someone thinks this is a cult classic , i think that there are a lot better films from that era to be watched.the cinematography is not excellent , but not the worst either .
the sounds are ok .
lighting ok.i still would n't recommend this to anyone else than maybe a film-student.the movie does not contain music , and the horses having sex do n't make it a good one either .
and the woman masturbating on the edge of the bed was plain stupid.no winnings here , skip this utter boredom .
i 've seen worse believe me , but this is just waste of time , and i do n't get the good reviews here .
especially the high ratings ...
dolph lundgren stars as murray wilson an alcoholic ex - cop who gets involved with a serial killer who kills during sex ,
after his brother is murdered , wilson starts his own investigation and finds out a lot of his brother 's secrets in this very dull thriller .
lundgren mails in his performance and the movie is flat and lethargic .
also when has anyone watched a dolph lundgren movie for anything but action ?
the first power ( 1990 ) was a terrible film that came out during the late 80's/ early 90 's era of cheaply made horror films .
i found this movie very boring but extremely hilarious in some parts .
this movie lacks so much sense and credibility that it ai n't even funny .
the swift justice system in this film makes texas look weak by comparison .
lou diamond phillips is in way over his head with this role ( he plays a hard - boiled cop ) and tracey griffith ( melanie 's more attractive sister ) plays a psychic .
do n't waste your time with this one because it 's bad .
what a minute , i take it back .
this movie makes a great party film .
check out the switchblade crucifix packing nun , she has the nicest legs i 've ever seen on a nun
that was n't in a jesus franco nunsploitation flick .
yeow!this marked an end of an era for l.d.p. his star was tarnished and he could n't draw flies to a dung heap .
it was d.t.v. for him until his " ressurection " a few years later .
not recommended unless you 're desperate .
the movie is steeped in religion , so it is impossible to separate it from religion in commenting upon it .
in my opinion , this movie pretends to explore deep issues , but thrives on stereotypes and prejudices ; with little true insight .
what the people in the movie ( and therefore , the writer ) failed to see was grace .
they failed to understand that god is the author of beauty and he is the creator of passion and sexual gratification in the proper context of marriage bonds .
to imply that the people of the society in which the story is based believe that nudity is sinful , and both the man & the woman enjoying the act of marriage is dirty , is just an oversimplification .
such stereotypes really do n't exist , for even jewish holy writings speak clearly of the caring husband who will seek his wife 's pleasure before his own .
scripture says that a man ought to love his wife as his own flesh , and that no man ever hated his own flesh , but he nourishes and cherishes it .
even if you want to ignore the new testament , the writers & characters completely ignore that there are passages such as the song of solomon in the old testament , and the even the book of proverbs which says , " rejoice in the wife of thy youth , let her breasts satisfy you always " !
how can that be read in any way other way than that god knows , and approves of , and smiles on , the marital union and the enjoyment thereof ?
real men do n't ignore the value and needs of their wives .
those that do deny a very basic teaching of the judeo / christian religion .
god never said those things .
it 's absurd .
sonia rebelled because of the misapplication of the teachings of the true god of abraham .
it did n't need to be so .
how sad .
what sonia desperately needed was truth , not tradition .
in knowing , loving and obeying god , we love others more ; before ourselves .
that is the faith of the god of abraham , isaac , jacob & joseph ; once for all delivered to the saints ; bought & paid for by jesus christ , the righteous .
but alright , ignore all this and abandon ancient , holy scripture and turn to the wisdom of homeless people & ghosts .
that 's a good plan .
i would never recommend this movie ; partly because the sexual content is unnecessarily graphic , but also because it really does n't offer any valuable insight .
check out " yentl " if you want to see a much more useful treatment of jewish tradition at odds with society .
worst show i 've ever seen .
the story is about a group of teenagers who , for some inexplicable reason , have super powers , and when they use some special device , they morph into strange , poorly designed suits .
the acting when they 're not in the retarded - looking suits is decent .
definitely not good , but not the worst acting i 've ever seen .
however , when wearing their suits , the actors ' acting goes from bad to worse ; much , much worse .
the hyper - animated idiots have a myriad of unnecessary motions they do .
even when they talk they look like they 're having seizures .
the villains are stupider than the rangers .
every episode , some weak , idiotic villain comes up with some plan to destroy the rangers .
he / she then sends a force of hyper - animated aliens to attack the rangers .
the rangers then initialize their 10-hour transforming animation , then they annihilate the aliens .
then , the poorly designed villain , which can either be an armored villain that actually looks and acts evil , to a humanoid ladybug - like creature with trumpets attached to its back that shows obvious signs of mental retardation .
the power rangers fight the villain off , then the villain turns into godzilla , whether it be by a rain cloud or a nuclear missile ( yes , they fire nukes at the creatures and the creatures turn into giants ) .
the power rangers spend 5 minutes acting hyper - animated and summon their zords which are obviously toys that the producers of the show used special effects on to make them look real .
the power rangers win , the villain gets mad , they all teach a " valuable " lesson , and the show ends .
that 's it .
twenty - five minutes of brain - washing , fake kung fu fighting .
routine suspense yarn about a sociopath ( dillon ) who gives his sperm to a clinic of human reproduction and starts to harrass the lives of the woman ( antony ) and his husband ( mancuso ) .
extremely predictable , far - fetched and with undecided tone all the way .
do n't lose your time with this one ... make a baby instead !
sheesh !
what a dreadful movie .
dodgy camera work , a script with more corn than kellogg 's , and acting so hammy
you could open a pig farm with it .
to cap it all , it does n't know which audience to aim at - we have cornel wilde - or is that corny wilde ?
- getting on his soap box about the hazards of smoking any time someone lights a cigarette , dear
oh dear , and in another awkward scene we have the baddie , lobo , forcing his , ahem , if you will , ' male friend ' to do a striptease dressed in a bikini .
try explaining that one to the kids ...
throw in an overly contrived treasure island - cum - jaws type storyline , and the result is a film so unintentionally funny , it 's enjoyable - i should n't expect a special edition dvd any time soon , though .
i feel like i 've been had , the con is on , do n't fall for it .
after reading glowing reviews ( the director was a film reviewer with sky for years so must have a lot of mates in the press ready to do him a favour by writing favorable reviews )
i expected solid acting , atmosphere , suspense , strong characterization , an intriguing plot development and poetic moments .
sadly , ' sixteen years of alcohol ' , does n't deliver on the critics promises , for the most part , sacrifices these qualities in lieu of cheesy low budget special effects ( what was that clichéd cobweb scene in there for ? ) , unrealistic fight choreography and mindless mind numbing narration , cliché edits and camera angles .
'sixteen years of alcohol ' starts off interestingly with some beautiful location shots in scotland , but it 's straight downhill from here .
unfortunately , instead of spending some time building atmosphere , creating characters we might care about , or building suspense - the director opts to begin driving you crazy with self indulgent heavy handed twaddle voice - over 's .
the lead characters are so unsympathetic and are so badly acted - the audience does n't care what happens to them ,
desperate actors do desperate things ... like this movie ! .
to make matters worse , the ' homage 's ' ( typical of a director trying to pay his dues to past masters ) are either utterly cliché or unconvincing .
the soundtrack is the only thing that lifted me and kept me in the cinema but even that failed to support the dramatic narrative other connecting a period of time to the action .
for some reason the movie got increasingly flawed and to be quite honest annoying .
i still watched
the whole damn thing!i guess i liked the attempt at gritty realism in the film but even that was destroyed when they were often inter - cut with weird and abstract , sometimes pointless scenes .
you do n't need a huge budget to make truly moving film , so much has been said about how little money they had to make this film , half a million is not a little bit of money ...
so no excuses !
sometimes i wonder what the actors ...
or their agents were thinking!pass on this turkey unless you 're masochistic or mindless anyway ....
not my thing1.5/10
this is the kind of movie that leaves you with one impression ..
story writing is what movie making is about .
incredible visual effects ..
very good acting , especially from shue .
everything is perfect ..
except ..
the story is just poor and so , everything fails .
picture this , if you had the power to be invisible ..
what would you do ?
well , our mad scientist here ( played by kevin bacon ) could think of no other thing to do but fondle and rape women ..
this is all his supposedly " genius " mind could think of .
does he try to gain extra power ?
he does n't even bother research a way to get back to being visible .
the guy is basically a sex crazed maniac .
add to that , the lab atmosphere , you have all these young guys ..
throwing around jokes like they were in a bar ..
if it was n't for all the white coats and equipment , you would think this is a bad imitation of " cheers . "
very shallow and poor personalities and very little care is put into making you think these guys are anything but lambs for the hollow man 's wolf .
even as a thriller , the movie falls way short because most of the " thrilling " scenes are written out so poorly and are full of illogical behaviors by the actors that are just screaming " this is just a stupid thing i have to do so that the hollow man can find me alone and kill me .
you read the actual book , while the scientist ( cane ) goes after women , there is a lot of mental manipulation and disturbing thought that goes into his character .
in the movie , cane is just the sick guy who goes to a crowded marketplace to rub his body in women and get off on it .
just sad .
little mosque is one of the most boring cbc comedies i have ever seen .
they have a way of producing the easiest comedy programming they can for the oldest most - easily - offended viewers which for cbc means 85 year old farmers in saskatchewan .
the jokes are all predictable and so deathly lame i ca n't believe it .
the performances are very hammy and over acted
but i do n't blame the actors since those kind of one dimensional stereotyped characters are probably exactly what the cbc asked for and demanded .
very lame show with bad jokes they tried to present as " controversial "
well it is less controversial than the other boring cbc comedies like the hour
has 22 minutes , royal canadian air farce and rick mercer 's report .
-spoiles- lame south of the border adventure movie that has something to do with the blackmail of a big cooperate executive rosenlski the president of unasco inc. by on the lamb beachcomber david ziegler who 's living the life of reilly , or ziegler , in his beach house in cancun mexico .
having this cd , that he gave to his brother james , that has three years of phone conversations between rosenlski and the president of the united states involved in criminal deals .
this cd has given david an edge over the international mobsters who are after him .
the fact that james get 's a little greedy by trying to shake down rosenlski for 2 million in diamonds not only cost him his life but put david in danger of losing his as well .
ropsenlski want 's to negotiate with david for the cd by getting his ex - wife liz to talk to him about giving it up , rosnelski made a deal to pay off her debts if she comes through .
david is later killed by rosenliski 's mexican hit - man tony , with the help of a great white shark , who just does n't go for all this peaceful dealings on his boss ' part .
tony had taken the cd that liz left for his boss at a local hotel safe and now want 's to murder james , like he did david , and at the same time keep the cd to have something over rosenlski .
david who had secretly hidden the diamonds that james had on him at the time of his murder is now the target of tony and his men to shut him up for good .
david also wants to take the diamonds and at the same time give his boss rosenlski the impression that the cd that david had is lost but use it later , without rosenlski knowing who 's behind it , to blackmail him .
the movie " night of the sharks " has a number of shark attacks in it with this huge one - eyed white shark who ends up taking out about a half dozen of the cast members including tony .
david who 's a firm believer in gun - control uses knives high explosives and molotov cocktails , as well as his fists , to take out the entire tony crew .
even the killer shark is finished off by tony but with a hunting knife , not a gun .
when it came to using firearms to save his friend and sidekick paco a girlfriend juanita and his priest father mattia lives from tony and his gang guns were a no - no with david ; he was more of a knife and spear man then anything else .
the ending of the movie was about as predictable as you can make it with david thought to be killed by the one - eyed shark later pops up out of the crowd , after rosenlski was convinced that he 's dead and leaves the village .
david continues his life as a free living and loving beachcomber with no one looking to kill him and about two million dollars richer .
to david 's credit he had his friend paco give rosenski back his cd but under the conditions that if anything happened to him his cousin , who rosenlski does n't know who and where he is , will shoot his big mouth off and let the whole world know about his dirty and criminal dealings .
one more of extremely unprofessional movies about computer programmers .
looks authors of that movie do n't know real specific of programmers
world.20 top programmers in the world , program which have own satellites ( for what ? ) , program which using satellite freq .
, somebody kill somebody to steal the codes ( why ? )
and much more of stupid moments at this movie .
peoples who not programmers not will see something awful at that movie , because not professionals on this .
but peoples will see not real things .
programmers will find that movie odd and awful - because lots of moments inside movie is not related real life ( why movie not scifi in this case ? ) .
worst film ever , this is a statement that people here on imdb often throw around .
whether it 's an uwe boll movie , bad classics like manos the hands of fate or the latest no brains summer action fest from michael bay , people are often quick to jump to the sudden conclusion that on the board they 're posting that there is nothing worse in the movie world .
i envy these people , because they 're blissfully ignorant and unaware of how deep the rabbit hole of crap movie making really goes .
there are films out there so bad , so hideous , so unintentionally hilarious and so ridiculous that cults form around them to celebrate their awfulness and their discussion boards are the kindest places on the internet due to everyone agreeing unanimously that said film is really that bad .
ladies and gentlemen , i present to you ben and arthur , an 85 minute gay epic that is so utterly bad that it 's a lot like a violent car crash
, you know it 's awful
but you ca n't stop looking at it .
the brainchild of self proclaimed " hollywood actor , director " and may i add beached whale sam mraovich , this film is legendarily terrible .
let me give you a hint of how ego driven this project was .
mr mraovich not only directed this film , he wrote it , produced it , executive produced it , scored it , edited it and then finally starred in it .
this is a man so blinded by his own ego and so believing of his non existent genius that like someone with an ugly child he fails to recognise just how catastrophic his bastard creation really is .
everything in this film fails on an epic level , the acting is the worst you will ever witness
, the plot is the most ridiculous , the editing and cinematography is the most amateur and even the music is like nails on a chalkboard .
i 'm aware i 've gone on a bit of a tangent here , but please believe me that this film is really as bad as i describe it
, i would say this film is horse crap squished into a film reel , but the truth is it was n't even shot on film , it was shot on a digital camcorder not much better than the one sitting in your closet right now gathering dust .
do n't get me wrong , i forgive low budgets for films provided the concept is interesting , for example as much as i disliked it
the blair witch project proved that low budgets can still lead to an atmospheric interesting film .
ben and arthur does not have a good concept to fall back on , even if this film was shot on a budget of 20 million with hollywoods finest actors it would still suck , the plot is that atrocious , and the characters are even worse .
one of the main characters arthur who is portrayed by non other than sam mraovich is one of the most whiny loathsome little turds ever put in a film .
you 'll dislike him within 5 minutes of the start of the film and by the end of the film that hate will have turned into outright loathing .
apparently mr mraovich forgot that we 're supposed to root for the hero .
i do n't want to spoil all the gut busting hilarity
you 'll experience watching this film ( which i urge you not to pay for )
so i will give you two tame mild examples of how stupid this film is , tame and mild as in amongst the least offending mistakes in the movie .
in one cut we hear one of the main characters say how " they know a good lawyer and will give him a call " the shot fades out then fades back in and this him
they spoke of earlier
is actually a woman , quite a spectacular mistake to make in post production i think .
the second is simple , seconds after seeing this transsexual lawyer the characters are told to fly to vermont , we then cut to a shot of a plane landing amongst palm trees in a sunny area .
i 've never been to vermont personally
but i 'm certain you wo n't find any palm trees there .
imagine this kind of stupid amateur inconsistency stretched to nearly an hour and a half combined with ridiculous dialogue and plot and then multiply it by 10
and it still wo n't fully prepare you for ben and arthur .
imagine the absolute worst film you 've seen in your life and imagine it being even worse
and you still wo n't be on the same level as ben and arthur , this film is really that bad .
however we should be glad in a way , films like this are a true rarity .
they give us hope that one day we can become film makers ourselves or that we can be screenwriters .
simply because we 'll have a new found sense of confidence due to the fact that we 'll know that nothing we produce
no matter how amateur could be as much of a suck fest as this .
the real worst movie of all time has finally been discovered , and it is called ben and arthur .
bo derek might have had a career
had she not let her late husband , john , take over as her director .
it 's a real shame , no really , with the right direction and the right part ( see " 10 " ) , bo was okay .
she would n't win any awards even at her best , but she is no worse than many an actress who has made it big in the past 15 years or so based on looks alone .
but therein lay the problem , john was determined to ride the wave that bo created with her appearance in 10 , that of bo being the " perfect 10 , " " the hottest woman in america , " " the sex symbol of the 1980s .
problem is , in john 's hands , this wave crashed with a resounding thud in only a few year 's time .
maybe he knew her limitations as an actress , perhaps that is why he fashioned movies for her that concentrated on her body , not her acting skills .
but it got old real quick .
it did n't help matters any that the films of john and bo derek are ( let 's be honest ) really , really bad .
and bad sums up their take on edgar rice burrough 's literary icon , the lord of the jungle , tarzan of the apes .
you know what 's worst ?
this film is boring !
make me laugh , make me cry , just do n't bore me .
not even bo 's stunning looks and figure can rouse any interest , and that is what the film is of course built around .
richard harris ( god bless his soul , he and bo were previously in orca btw ) hams it up and makes his scenes at least a little interesting and
miles o'keefe makes a physically impressive tarzan .
maybe he got the last laugh , after being hit with a ton of venom from the critics over this film , miles went on to a solid career as a b movie icon , in films that were not great art , but a million times more fun than this one .
but other than that , it 's bo 's body , and you can only see it so many times before you long for something else to go with it .
tarzan
the ape man has nothing else .
john derek was a truly dynamic actor , he was not a director .
he should have stayed with his strength .
this film unfolds at a mind numbingly slow pace and nothing really happens in the action scenes .
burrough 's tarzan was all about excitement and wish fulfillment ( who would n't want to be as agile , strong and good looking as lord greystoke ? ) and fun !
you get none of that here .
watch it , and you will have wasted 107 minutes of your life .
on second thought , you may come away with a valuable lesson , how not to handle someone 's movie career .
bo derek is all right in my book though .
she stood by john until his dying day , has a true love of animals and nature and even looks back with a giggle at her time in the spotlight .
she has also proven that she is not the dumb blonde many want her to make her out to be .
if she could survive tarzan and bolero , she can survive anything .
so come back
bo , all is forgiven .
and as an aside , is the steve strong who plays the bad guy the same steve strong who a brief pro wrestling career ?
tony scott destroys anything that may have been interesting in richard kelly 's clichéd , patchy , overwrought screenplay .
domino harvey ( kiera knightley ) was a model who dropped out and became a bounty hunter .
this is her story ... " sort of" .
the problem with this rubbish is that there is n't much of a story at all and scott 's extreme graphic stylization of every shot acts as a distancing mechanism that makes us indifferent to everything in harvey 's chaotic life .
you just do n't care about harvey .
knightley plays her as an obnoxious , cynical brat who has done nothing to warrant our respect .
she punches people she does n't like and sheds her clothes and inhibitions when the situation calls for it , but she is n't the least bit real and knightly is n't the least bit convincing , either .
the film is boring .
it 's loud , too , and shackled with one of the most annoying source music scores i 've heard in a long time .
the final twenty minutes are a poor re - run of scott 's " true romance " climax with domino 's gang going to meet two sets of feuding bad guys who are -- surprise !
surprise !
-- destined to shoot it out with each other at the top of a las vegas casino .
unfortunately , this potentially exciting conflagration is totally botched by scott and becomes a confusing , pretentious , pointless exercise in celluloid masturbation .
this is not an artistically brave or experimental piece ; it is a failure on every level because it gives us no entry point to the lives and dilemmas of its characters .
mickey roarke looks good as a grizzled bounty hunter , but he disappears into the background as the " narrative " progresses .
chris walken turns in another embarrassing cameo and dabney coleman , always solid , is underutilized .
don't be fooled by this film 's multi - layered , gimmick - ridden surface .
it is still a turd no matter how hard you polish it .
this movie tells the tender tale of a demented scientist who , after his fiance is decapitated , goes around ogling strippers so that he can find a suitable body to attach her noggin to .
everyone in this movie exudes more slime than a snail , particularly our protagonist .
i suppose if you like pure action ... you 'll find it here .
i suppose if you find a gorgeous blonde designed to be screwed ... find it here .
i suppose if you want to find a couple of extra baddies , headed by 1 - 2 extra , extra baddy bosses who meat a nasty end ...
you 'll find it here .
overall , routine stuff , and the good guys come out on top big time under extra - ordinary circumstances .
what i marvel most at ...
how the good guys armed only with pistols , can kill dozens of bad guys with machine guns who are shooting at them at point blank range ... and missing .
the goodies even get time to reload their pistols amid the hail of machine guns bullets .
ho - hum ! ! !
a very tired looking burt reynolds plays a mercenary battling his former employers for some gizmo these non - heroes plan to sell to " the iranians . "
low - rent video nonsense by the producers of " silk stalkings " offers some decent action footage and a lot of ineptly staged " drama" ...
a lack of logic and truly dreadful dialogue are the defining aspects , although the final twists and allegiance shifts could 've been a nifty end to a better movie .
burt still has presence , although it also means you notice more when he mouths insultingly half - baked " one - liners " .
this show is awful .
no comedy , no plot no good characters .
america are you blind give the award to real shows .
i hate this show along with 30 rock .
honestly i 'm so glad they canceled this show .
thank you cbs .
keep two and a half men , keep christine , keep rules of engagement keep how i meet your mother which really is n't funny but a lot funnier than this .
this show is a rip off of friends .
with the same director so that s okay .
but keep this show gone and never bring it back .
never ever ever ever .
the only reason i did n't give it a 1 rating is because it keep my awake instead of asleep .
those are the types of movies or tv shows that i give a one .
the only reason i was still awake was because of the audiences laughter
and i was looking forward to the next show .
i really wish this show was funny sorry
but my opinion stupid .
very stupid .
i do n't see why everyone loves it .
my opinion again .
but i also find big bang theory kinda stupid .
my bad smart .
the class bye
bye now i have a smile and it is not from watching your show .
it does touch a few interesting points ..
it fails to show evidence of all the ' exclusive ' studies shown .
who are the ' friends ' and ' small groups of scientists ' that gathered this data ?
- what 's up with all the al gore biography going on there ?
like how he liked playing with the cows on the ranch or that his kid got hit by a car .. too bad
but .. what does that have to do with the ozone layer?i've
seen much better stuff , in much less time , on discovery channel .. i really do n't understand why this has such a high score on imdb .
unless you 've been living under a rock , this ' documentary ' should n't be any news to you ...
all this is old news ...
and all al gore is trying to do is get some popularity points .
i 'm not american
so do n't even try saying that i 'm a bush fan :p
national lampoon 's class reunion was a flop when it was released .
it did n't stay long in theaters in my big city .
because it 's bad!!!!!not bad in a good way
but bad in a really painfully unfunny way .
the entire cast of actors were mostly unknowns then and have remained unknowns after this turkey .
the idea is actually great ( a parody of slasher flicks ) but the execution is sorely lacking in every aspect .
just avoid this " comedy " .
your time is more precious than spending a nanosecond watching this embarrassing misfire .
no , this was n't one of the ten worst films of the 1980 's , but it certainly skirts the bottom 100 somewhere .
this movie looks like it was put on the shelf for two or three years and then released in 1981 .
how else would you explain special effects pre - dating " an american werewolf in london , " disco still being considered cool , and ronald reagan not being the 40th president of the united states ?
while we 're at it , let 's not overlook those 1970 's hairstyles in the 1950 's and ' 60 's .
i 've seen more of that here than in " happy days " & " laverne & shirley " combined .
the one woman who elevates this movie to the " so bad , it 's good " category was the late , great elizabeth hartman , but just barely .
biff plays as miss montgomery , the mousey high school teacher who becomes a sexpot , a stereotype that 's been done to death and is still being churned out by hollywood today , but even as a " hot chick " she retains her mousey qualities .
her call for help is evidence of this .
she also looks much better as miss wimp .
seven bucks at the beauty parlor , shot to hell .
" she was n't kidding .
this is n't to say that there are n't any good parts elsewhere , they 're just few and far between , and i 'm not just saying that because i like hartman .
incidentally , " teen wolf " was better than this .
teen wolf too " was better than this , and that was n't even so good .
this is not so much film as big budget children 's television .
as far as i can tell , the villain is a giant swarm of chocolate covered espresso beans .
this theory seems to be verified by the fact that the subtitles refer to it as ' insomnia ' .
when it 's first mentioned that a civilization had been wiped out by insomnia , i thought " wow !
a nihilistic martial arts film ! "
but no such luck .
although you have to consider it experimental cinema when the villain is strangled by an old man 's long , white eyebrows .
zu warriors makes exactly the same amount of sense whether the subtitles are on or off .
that 's not a good sign .
i found the special effects to be somewhere between ray harryhausen and xena : warrior princess .
primitive .
words fail me .
and that is n't common .
done properly this could have been great , funny spoof b - movie sci - fi , but sadly , it was not to be .
rarely in the field of drama have so many competent actors struggled so vainly with such a dogs - breakfast of a script .
i can only endorse the previous reviewer 's comments - go clean the bathroom .
in fact do anything except watch this film .
positives :
lucy beeman 's nose .
negatives : everything else .
most apposite line : " this is n't going anywhere" .
if only every plastic surgeon could meet with such a fate .
maverick cop with family problems and fondness of using his gun  check !
isolated location with valuable object which is begging to be stolen  check !
tasty looking love interest  check !
assorted band of dumb cardboard cannon fodder villains with dodgy european accents  check !
german sounding bad guy played by an english actor with a piece of corny dialogue for every occasion  check !
corny one liners
check!deary me , does this film take the wee wee or what ?
the clichés come as thick and fast as an avalanche and most of the cast just stand around gawping at just how bad the script is!in a blatantly cheap and cheerful straight to video rip off of die hard only set on a mountain ( complete with some nicked lines from the aforesaid )
we have all the usual action move cliché 's ticked off progressively as we go along with some good old fashioned violence and nudity thrown in to wake up anyone in the audience who may just have nodded off .
jack wild is the cop in full on john mcclane mode here who even manages time for the ye ancient bad guy with gun has used all his bullets gag at one point .
in amidst this mess , there are a few well known recognisable faces who i can only assume needed the cash and/or were simply playing it for laughs right from the pointless opening scene that had nothing to do with the plot whatsoever through to the final implausible conclusion complete with ropey dialogue and even ropier effects .
looking up this three quid from the supermarket bargain bin effort on imdb i am astonished to find that this dud spawned not one but two sequels , i have got to find these gems on dvd !
it looks like the first sequel is a rip off of under siege 2 and the second sequel , well goodness knows !
one thing that is always a bad sign is that the actor playing jack changes with each film and even the character 's name seems to change for the third instalment .
still , blind purchases of cheap dvd 's just would not be the same if studios did n't keep trotting out material of this awful quality ! !
you ca n't imagine how i looked forward to king of the ants .
as a massive gordon fan , i awaited the european premiere with wicked anticipation.especially since i loved dagon - gordon 's last achievement - so much .
king of the ants premiered here in my country and it was gordon himself who came to present it .
unfortunately , i could n't go and congratulate him for it afterwards .
king of the ants is his most uninspired and mediocre film to date .
really , the quality level never surpassed ordinary tv - thriller standards .
the plot outline is terribly routine and with the exception of a few poor scenes , the typical gordon - touch is never recognized .
on top of that , the already weak script has more holes than a swiss bowl of cheese !
it involves a young wannabe - crook who 's hired to commit a murder .
so he does.and of course they 're not paying him.and of course he falls in love with the victim 's wife.and
of course he avenges himself ..
only the sequences in which the guy descents in a spiral of madness are worth a mention and they 're the only ones reminding you of the fact you 're still watching a stuart gordon film .
the acting performances are below average with mccenna as the heroic lowlife , george ` norm peterson ' wendt as the chubby bastard and kari wuhrer as the good - hearted sex bomb .
extremely illogical things happen constantly and the dullness of the story becomes irritating very quickly , while the make - up effects are n't enough to even satisfy amateur - horror fans .
i read a few other comments on king of the ants , claiming it 's gordon 's best since it finally is a thought - provoking and mature film .
well , if that 's the case .
i rather stay immature and give re - animator another viewing , thank you very much .
oh well , i guess every good director runs out of steam and inspiration eventually.too bad it also overcame stuart gordon .
sondra locke stinks in this film , but then she was an awful ' actress ' anyway .
unfortunately , she drags everyone else ( including then = real life boyfriend clint eastwood down the drain with her .
but what was clint eastwood thinking when he agreed to star in this one ?
one read of the script should have told him that this one was going to be a real snorer .
it 's an exceptionally weak story , basically no story or plot at all .
add in bored , poor acting , even from the normally good eastwood .
there 's absolutely no action except a couple arguments and as far as i was concerned , this film ranks up at the top of the heap of natural sleep enhancers .
could a film be any more boring ?
i think watching paint dry or the grass grow might be more fun .
a real stinker .
do n't bother with this one .
although the likeliness of someone focusing on this comment among the other 80 + for this movie is low , i feel that i have to say something about this one .
i am not the kind of movie - watcher who pays attention to production value , thought - provoking dialog , or brilliant acting & directing .
however , i claim that this movie sucks .
i do n't know why i do n't like it
i mean it has almost everything i want out of a horror movie : blood , outrageousness , unintentional humor , etc .
according to this evidence it should be my favorite .
still , zombi 3 is a baaad movie .
there are just too many things that compels you to yell at the screen .
like when the girl leaves the army guy when their car breaks down to find water ( this spoils nothing so do n't worry ) .
she walks into what i see as an abandoned hotel or something .
did she not see that there was a friggin ' lake in the middle of the building ? ?
yes she 's looking for water and passes up a lake .
cuz she wants to know why the people ( who are n't there cuz the place is abandoned ) wo n't answer her when she calls out : " is anybody there ? "
oh this is just a little , insignificant piece of the big picture i 'm painting .
there is a reason , though , why i gave this film more than 1 star .
it 's one of those movies where if you forget how bad it really is , like i have a few times , you 'll want to watch it again because it 's just so over - the - top in every aspect .
i called it blood in the first paragraph , but this movie has no blood , it has an ocean of gore .
also , it has pretty weird creatures in it as well : a zombie - baby ( with an adult - size hand ? ? ? )
and a magically flying head to name just two .
you know when you try to think of the worst and cheesiest movies ever made and you come up with ' 50 's sci - fi movies ?
i believe that zombi 3 and movies like it should top those .
it has all the elements :
scientists arguing with the government , warnings of the apocalypse on the radio , armies battling monsters , and so on .
this is the plan 9 of the ' 80 's !
while i wo n't say that this is a waste of money if you want to buy it , just expect the very worst .
and when you find out that expecting the worst is underestimating zombi 3 , it wo n't be all that bad .
you might actually like it
, i 'm not saying that 's impossible .
don't think i hate this movie , i do n't ... really .
oh , p.s. killing birds ( aka zombie 5 ) rules !
( did i just blow my credibility ? )
... to not live in montana and especially not to live there at the end of the 19th century .
"a river runs through it " certainly is a well made movie from a cineastic stand - point .
great landscapes , redford acting well .
unfortunately , the story is bad ( if there is a story at all).i felt sorry for the narrator / author , who is as dry
, narrow - minded a character as his father , a preacher .
being driven , not driving his own life , he is left to watch his brother , who is also caged in the small town environment , losing his life .
the author never even comes close to undestand his brother 's motivations , but at least realizes , that he is lacking the slightest amount of homour / fun .
all there is , is fly - fishing , where he follows even as an old man the style of his father .
the end is not surprising , it is forseeable from the very beginning .
definitely not a must - see ( 3 / 10 )
personally , while i 'm able to appreciate really good movies , i also have a strange ability to somewhat enjoy even the most crappiest of crap .
you know , those times when you just want to sit there and watch some horrible cookie - cutter action movie to kill time .
this is the only movie that i can remember actually shutting off in the middle , and i have absolutely no intention of going back to finish it .
the plot was so contrived and predictable , i was calling out what the next scene would be easily ( and i 'm usually not very good at this ) .
the actors were horrible , i 've seen better acting in middle school plays .
even the scene cuts were bad , the flow was all wrong .
this movie is like a parody that forgot the funny .
with these people faking so many shots , using old footage , and gassing animals to get them out , not to mention that some of the scenes were filmed on a created set with actors , what 's to believe ?
old film of countries is nice , but the animal abuse and degradation of natives is painful to watch in these films .
i know , racism is ok in these old films , but there is more to that to make this couple lose credibility .
portrayed as fliers , they never flew their planes , martin johnson was an ex - vaudevillian , used friends like jack london for financial gain while stiffing them of royalties , denying his wife 's apparent depression , using her as a cute prop , all this makes these films unbearable .
they were by no means the first to travel to these lands , or the first to write about them .
he was ok as a filmmaker and photographer , but that 's about it .
woosh  !
man  
what can i say ...
?the opening - scene , maybe ?
we see a bunch of mongoloid - barbarians with bad make - up jump off the walls of some ruins .
they sneak around and attack some dude with a scantily clothed captive girl .
the dude runs off , the mongoloids follow him and one of them stays behind seemingly to rape the girl , but instead he exposes one of her breasts and kidnaps her .
then , the dude ( still on the run ) sees a horse and tries to steal it .
suddenly   a blond god - like looking hero with a bad wig appears , saying " that 's my horse ! " .
the mighty deathstalker just made his appearance .
the mongoloids arrive , deathstalker kills all of them ( including the dude ) on the tunes of some rather inappropriate mexicanos western score ( this is supposed to be a swords & sorcery flick , so what 's with the ' arriba - trompettos ' ? ) , and then goes up to captive girl and exposes both her breasts .
he starts to rub them and captive girl seems to like it .
she starts liking her lips and caressing deathstalker .
just when they are about to get down to it , this old dude appears , interrupting what could have been the end of a perfect day for deathstalker ( and
a possible perfect ending for a short - film).now tell me   is n't that the point where either a feminist would angrily switch off the movie , or any other male viewer would say " this is going to be one hell of a good movie ! "
the plot is as simple as throwing a kitten from the balcony : deathstalker must obtain the sword of justice and use it to steal the amulet of life and the chalice of magic from the evil sorcerer munkar .
aside from decapitations , dismemberment , random bloodshed , retarded fist fights and embarrassing sword fights , this film also contains a massive amount of t!ts & a$$ shots .
i initially wanted to add one extra point to this movie for each gratuitous shot of naked boobies i could count .
after 9 points ( not even halfway into the movie ) , i had to give up counting .
it was distracting me from the rest of the movie .
and the rest of the movie was worth it .
totally crazy stuff .
check out this mutant cat / worm - like creature munkar has as a pet and which he feeds eyeballs and fingers .
and here 's an interesting question : what would you do if a man in a woman 's body would enter your bedroom and try to kill you with a knife ?
the answer is simple : you slap him around a bit , take away the knife and then try to rape him .
then you discover that he 's actually not a woman , so you throw him out of your bed and tell him to leave your room .
it works out well , i tell you .
deathstalker does it too , and the deathstalker - way , is
the right way!deathstalker is a wonderful movie , really , as pointed out in other comments .
the villains are vile .
the women are delicious .
there 's blood , sex , violence , rape and tasty chicken .
there 's a completely pointless tournament which just features a bunch of barbarians beating , slashing and hacking the crap out of each other .
my favorite weapon used in that tournament was a giant wooden hammer , used to beat a poor contender to bloody pulp .
and my favorite contender undoubtedly was that one brute with the warthog - head ( reminiscent of the gamorrean guards from return of the jedi ) .
i wo n't reveal how the movie ends , but just prepare to ravish in delight when i tell you a 4-way dismemberment is thrown into the movie 's climax .
and of course , there 's a wonderful display of ineptitude throughout the whole movie .
see a guy being dragged behind a horse over a dirt road , and the next point - of - view shot shows him being dragged over grass ( no road ) .
see that awesome tattoo on the sorcerer 's head magically change sides within the same scene ( on shot has it on the left side of his head , the other on the right ) .
well , after all , munkar is a magician .
it 's that , or this movie was shot in an alternate universe where things like " continuity " simply do n't exist .
as much as i enjoyed this and as much as i am looking forward to the other 3 installments in this series , i do have enough shreds of decency left in me to not let this movie pass .
i am prepared , though , to give it the maximum amount of minimal points , just so i could be able to deduct a couple of more points for the possibly inferior sequels to follow .
deathstalker might be a superbly fun , trashy & sleazy conan rip - off , it also is an abominable movie .
overrated and only for those people in their 20 's whom wear particularly thick rose tinted glasses , who never actually saw it in the first place because they were to young .
awful animation , dialogue and a tired narrative .
a real product of the 80 's , the novel gimmick of a puzzle toy ( that s right , toy not the absurd , pretentious and child alienating " collectors action figurine " ) , sold on the back of a poor cartoon and other paraphernalia , only matters to those who bought the toy when they were " actual " children in the period of ' 84 ' to ' 87 ' .
it has become cult because of those same adults are to immature to let go of their memories .
avoid .
what did producer / director stanley kramer see in adam kennedy 's novel and kennedy 's very puzzling screenplay ?
were there a few pieces left out on purpose ?
and what about gene hackman , richard widmark , edward albert , eli wallach and mickey rooney ?
what did they see in this very muddled story?and
why did candice bergen , who gave a horrible performance , accept such a thankless role?the domino principle wants to be on the same footing as the parallax view or the manchurian candidate and misses the mark by a very wide margin .
a major misfire by stanley kramer .
* spoilers included*with a title like " bleed " , you know the creative juices were n't running on high when this puppy was conceived .
the movie is your basic run - of - the - mill low - budget slasher movie .
oh sure , it tries to be creative with the premise of the " murder club " , but we learn that was just a joke anyways .
okay , for those who really care about these things , the basic plot is that new girl in town starts dating her co - worker .
he invites her into his circle of friends , and at a party , they tell her how they have a " murder club " and they murder people , blah blah blah .
well , we learn that it was all a joke , but not before our heroine kills a lady in a parking garage .
now , the " members " of the murder club are being killed one by one .
oh , and the bad guys wins and the movie ends on a downer .
by that time , you wo n't really care though .
in retrospect , the first 10 or so minutes of this movie make no sense .
the motivation for the killings in the beginning of the movie is never explained .
i would say that it was a way for the director to pad out the film , but on the dvd there are deleted scenes !
i 'm not sure why anyone would want to see more than the feature length version of " bleed " , but apparently the people behind the dvd thought the viewers would be clamoring for more .
on the box , it says there are easter eggs , but why the hell i would want to waste my time looking for extras on this movie is beyond me .
i was expecting a bad movie , and " bleed " delivered on that front .
it was n't a fun bad movie though .
everyone looks good in the movie , and there 's plenty of nudity , but the acting is just awful .
my least favorite character is the guy who ends up being the killer ...
i think he 's supposed to be funny and amusing , but he just ends up coming off as a tool .
i think the funniest moment of the movie is when our heroine kills the lady in the parking garage , in a hilariously unconvincing death .
heroine shoves the women into the parking garage cement pole , and the woman looks like she barely hits the thing , and she spits out a mouthful of blood , and " dies " .
for those who think that movie making is an intricate , creative process done by professionals , check out " bleed " .
it will change your mind , and you 'll realize any hack get can a movie made .
otherwise , do n't waste your time or money on this .
this movie made me very angry .
i wanted desperately to throttle the " scientists " and unseen film - makers during the course of it .
very , very painful to sit through .
sophomoric and pretentious in the worst way .
the little good information on brain function / chemistry and quantum theory is lost in a sea of new agey horse sh*t .
the worst offenders were the crack - pot charlatans ramtha and joseph dispenza .
mr. dispenza informs us that most people lead lives of mediocrity and clearly implies that he , on the other hand , is living on a higher plane .
even the ideas and attitudes that i basically agree with are presented in such a heavy handed , clumsy , superior , pretentious , preachy manner that i felt the desire to disavow them .
i think that 's what made me so angry , the fact that they 've taken what are indeed profound aspects of established scientific thought and marred them with their new age hokum .
much of it is based around the fallacy of applying concepts of quantum theory to the macro world .
fittingly , the dramatized portions with marlee matlin are amateurish and cliché ridden .
i would refer people instead to bill bryson 's excellent survey of science : " a brief history of nearly everything .
" there 's plenty of profound wonder about life and the universe in the actual , established science .
i saw this movie last month at a free sneak preview and i walked out .
it was pretty horrible .
in the process of trying too hard , they over acted and made a horrible movie .
i was disappointed since i felt all the actors had made respectable choices in the past
so this one could n't be that far off the mark --
but , i was wrong .
i was hoping they would give out a survey at the end of the movie
so i could tell them not to release this movie .
i was lured in by the free aspect of the preview , but it turned out to be a waste of my time -- and , usually , i 'm very easily amused .
it tried to be innovative and creative with the shots , ideas and filming , but because they threw together so many ideas at once , it failed .
i 'm not usually picky about movies
and i usually do n't feel the need to display my opinions about movies , but i had to warn everyone not to watch it .
i registered on imdb just to tell all of you guys
this is a very odd film ...
i was n't really sure what is was about , some n london lowlifes find a mute kid in the woods that they all believe is some kind of oracle and somehow makes them all , in their own way , change something about their lives that usually ends in disaster .
the film ended after about 90 minutes leaving me feeling quite unsatisfied , almost annoyed at the pointlessness of it all .
i did n't care about any of the characters - none of them get a chance to endear themselves to the viewer .
what was the message ?
am i being dim ?
it was just too odd .
what happens to runner ?
why does emilio shoot the kid ? ...
that made absolutely no sense , pointless .
can someone help me understand this mess of a film ?
another great movie by costa - gavras .
it 's a great presentation of the situation is latin america and the us involvement in latin american politics .
the facts might or might not be accurate but it is a fact that the us was deeply involved in coups and support of latin american dictatorships .
despite this though the spirit of the movie follows the typical leftist / communist propaganda of the cold war era .
costa - gavras is a well - known communist sympathizer and his movies are always biased .
for example he presents the us actions as brutal and inhumane , while representing tupamaros ' extremist activities as something positive .
as it turned out it was a blessing for uruguay and the rest of the latin america that the us got involved .
europe is filled with poor east european prostitutes .
i never heard of poor uruguayan or chilean girls prostituting themselves en masse as it happens in most east european countries .
the us was fighting a dirty war and god bless us all the monster of soviet communism was defeated .
it is unfortunate the us had to do what it did in latin america ( and elsewhere ) but sometimes you need to play dirty .
this is not an idealistic world as costa - gavras and matamoros like to believe .
had matamoros come to power in uruguay , we would 've had another ukraine in latin america .
all in all this movie follows corrupt and bankrupt leftist ideology of times past and tries to pass it as idealistic and morally correct .
while i certainly consider the exorcist to be a horror classic , i have to admit that i do n't hold it in quite as high regard as many other horror fans do .
as a consequence of that , i have n't seen many of the exorcist rip - offs , and if exorcismo is anything to go by , i 'll have to say that 's a good thing as this film is boring as hell and certainly not worth spending ninety minutes on it !
in fairness to the other exorcist rip - offs , this is often considered one of the worst , and so maybe it was n't the best place for me to start .
it 's not hard to guess what the plot will be : basically it 's the same as the one in the exorcist and sees a girl get possessed by a demonic spirit ( which happens to be the spirit of her dead father ) .
the village priest is then called in to perform the exorcism .
like many spanish horror films , this one stars paul naschy , who is pretty much the best thing about the film .
exorcismo was directed by juan bosch , who previously directed the derivative spanish giallo ' the killer wore gloves ' .
i have n't seen any of his other films , but on the basis of these two : i believe that originality was n't one of his strong points .
there 's not a lot of good things i can say about the film itself ; it mostly just plods along and the exorcism scene is n't worth waiting for .
i certainly do n't recommend it !
well , on it 's credit side ( if it can be said to have one ) , timothy hines did manage to capture the original setting of h.g. wells ' outstanding novella .
but other than that - well , to call a spade a spade - it sucks bigtime .
what the master ed wood could have done with the alleged $ 20 million dollar budget !
timothy hines really does make mr. wood , who was a flawed genius anyway , look like the best filmmaker of all time .
the special effects ( i guess you 'd call them that ) are not even up to computer game standards .
the acting is , well , perhaps about dinner theater comparable , and the accents are atrocious .
at the risk of sounding offensive , a lot of the acting from the principal male characters is ( especially poor ogilvy ) , well , ahem , . . .
poor ogilvy minces and flounces about the bogus english countryside , waving his asbestos white handkerchief about as if it were heat resistant armor .
hey , the stormtroopers in " star wars " had neat white body armor too , and it did n't work either , they still got blasted .
even when ogilvy and company get fried by the martians ' ' heat ray ' ( ? ) , they flounce and mince in some weird kind of dance , even when they 're theoretically dead and reduced to skeletons , which persist in unseemly dancing and writhing .
maybe timothy hines rented the skeletons from ray harryhausen , being left over from " jason and the argonauts " .
or was it " josie and the pussycats " ?
i dunno .
the soldiers , presumably because they 're ' military ' , all seem to just rather unconvincingly explode , like the soldier on crutches and his unfortunate comrades carrying the stretcher just beyond him .
i loved it !
but the ' soldiers ' all looked like they were either fascist troops from the spanish civil war , or boer commandos ( which would be more or less correct for the period .
perhaps that was some bit of shrewd subtlety on the part of that wicked genius hines ? ) .
oddly enough , the character of the curate looks exactly like he 's drawn in the original illustrations by warwick goble , and he also turns in the most convincing job of acting .
oh , yeah .
musn't forget the thunder child .
in the book , the warship is described as an ironclad torpedo - ram .
it was meant to ram enemy ships .
yet , it 's bow was crumpled after ramming the tinker - toy constructed martian war machines , with a tiny jagged hole in the forepeak , and she sank .
an ironclad warship like thunderchild could 've rammed the titanic and survived , but i guess the royal navy was bound by the same lowest - bidder constraints as our own military .
the costumes are all wrong , especially the british army and police uniforms , cobbled together mostly from usmc alphas .
and timbo , in an obvious homage to western films of yore , has obviously set his movie in wild western england , because all his riders are using western saddles .
the accents being used by just about everyone appear to be a mixture of some kind of scottish regional accent used by clan macabre , and magically delicious irish accents from county malarky .
on the credit side , and contrary to what one reviewer wrote , the only genuine , authentic feature of this thing is the artillery .
the guns are not from the civil war , but appear to my eye and research as bona - fide british nine or 12 pounder rifled breach loaders , perfectly authentic to the period .
so was the ammunition shown being used .
but the artilleryman , who is a driver in the horse artillery , was not shown correctly driving his limber .
you do n't sit on the frigging limber box and drive a gun team , you ride the nearside wheel horses .
the opening , using what i believe is authentic period film footage , is okay , and the score 's not bad .
however , to the best of my knowledge weybridge has never had an underground , and it certainly did n't in 1898.but growing up reading this novel , i am very disappointed .
even more disappointed
then i was at spielberg 's zillion dollar , special effects laden version .
maybe his version would have profited by swapping anthony piana for tom cruise , and vice versa .
i have a lot more to say , but i 'll let it go at this for now
: i wish somebody would make a good version of " war of the worlds " that 's faithful to the original .
timmy 's vision is fine for a high school film class , or maybe i should say pretentiously stupid for a college - level film student , and about as bad , which is about the best i can say for this thing , but that 's about it .
oh , yeah .
just where did the budget go ?
and what happened to michael caine ?
i 'd like to hear his comments !
i have a sneaking suspicion that timbo " orson wood " hines ' breathtaking , bound - breaking cinema masterpiece just might be the risk - taking director 's ticket to cult stardom , because , i must confess a guilty pleasure at watching this movie , which i did n't pay for anyway but was thoughtfully sent to me by a friend who burned a dvd copy for me , with no malicious intent that i 've been able to determine .
i must add here that i thought blackmoon 's dubbed and abridged version was not only a vast improvement , but an absolute , hysterically funny ( in a good way ) treat to watch .
i find it hard to watch master timbo 's version after blackmoon .
keep it up , tim !
make your own version of " dune " , now .
it just awaits the hand of a master like you !
and all you headupyourass snobs who hated cloverfield ?
forget it .
it cannot beat timbo hines artistry for sheer hilarious awfulness !
a life!timbo
is worse than the master ed wood !
i kid you not !
this is the single worst movie i have ever seen .
let me say that again : this is the single worst movie
i have ever
seen.it
had all of the ear - marks of a bad movie : continuity errors , bad writing , bad acting , bad production value , bad music .
i thought that there were a couple points to horror movies .
the first is that it is supposed to be suspenseful enough to scare you .
this movie gets and f in this category .
the second point is that when a character dies , or something bad happens to them , we are supposed to care .
this movie gets an f in this regard as well .
the first story , a woman gets mauled by wolves after being afraid that this would happen to her .
the next story , an ocd guy dies from not being careful and talks to a dead friend of his .
oh , and then there is the horrific , nail - biting story of a bad roommate .
come on , could you pick topics a little more interesting and a little less common than being alone in a house , being anal - retentive , and having a roommate ?
turns out all of these stories where hallucinations , virtual reality induced by a doctor who in turn uses it himself .
wow , stupid .
let me explain something , i enjoy watching bad horror movies and laughing at how bad they are .
i could n't do that with this one .
it was utter pain to sit and watch .
do not under any circumstance watch this movie .
you will regret it .
now please do n't start calling me names like , " unpatriotic " , " weirdo " and more .the
very length of this movie ( 4 hours .. ! ! ! ) is its biggest mistake .
no editing at all - seems like j.p. dutta fell in love with his project too much .
even lagaan was 4 hours long - but it was entertaining and gave a message as well
.it 's based on true incidents and real people .
kudos to it , but were the repetitive war scenes really needed ?
on top of it the focus constantly shifted from one battalion / squadron to another and it was impossible to keep a track of them all .between
the skirmishes , there were songs about loneliness , lovesickness and related stuff .
there were chummy conversations .
in the beginning it gave some relief from the violence but became so monotonous later that one could even correctly predict nature of the forthcoming talk .why
were the soldiers walking around as if they were lions in jungle , fully unaware that enemy was lurking somewhere near ?
and when they were shot , it elicited sympathy but it seemed unmindful of them to be so cocksure of their safety in the first place .music was melodious and the lyrics were soulful but did not fit with the movie .
better to listen to them on the soundtrack rather than in the movie .acting
was the saving grace : from seasoned veterans like sanjay dutt and ajay devgan , to relative newbies like abhishek bachchan and akshaye khanna
, everyone acted like a pro .
manoj bajpai and ashutosh rana deserve a special mention for lightening up the mood whenever necessary .dialogues ranged from brilliant ( " from madhuri .. with love ! ! " ) to illogical / monotonous ( " pakistan se zyada musalman hindusthan mein hain " ) .
and the expletive spree consisting of all the mcs , bcs , cs and f - words was n't really required .
loc kargil attempts to provide a fitting tribute to the brave indian soldiers , but tries too hard and ultimately fails .
indian soldiers surely deserve a better tribute .
christ , oh christ ...
one watches stunned , incredulous , and possibly deranged , as this tawdry exercise in mirthless smut unfolds with all the wit and dexterity of a palsied galapagos tortoise .
can such things be ?
does this movie actually exist , or was i the unwitting guinea pig of some shadowy international drugs company , sipping my coffee unaware that it had been spiked with a dangerous hallucinogen ?
i 've seen a lot of films , and a lot of bad films , but nothing prepared me for this ; by the end of it
i was a gibbering , snivelling wreck , tearing at the carpet with my teeth like a dog , clawing at the walls , howling till my lungs were sore .
i pleaded desperately , frenziedly for mercy ( to whom this appeal was made , i do n't know ) , and longed with burning desire for the soothing balm of ozu yasujiro .
sweet weeping jesus , the memories ... sometimes they come back to me .
when i 'm at my most vulnerable , when i 'm least able to handle them .
i shudder
, i break down in tears , i bite my fingernails till my hands are slathered with blood , but i ca n't quite banish the awful flashbacks from my mind .
i 'm haunted .
i 'm damaged .
i 'm a shell of a man .
the other user comments here suggest that i am not alone in having undergone this terrifying experience , which can only mean one of two things :
the film does , in fact , exist , or b ) i am but one victim among legions of an international conspiracy of truly sinister proportions .
what is quite mind - boggling is that some people seem to have enjoyed their ordeal , or at least have not been left traumatised by it .
perhaps they 're part of the operation .
god damn them , the maniacs !
god damn them all to hell ! ! ! ! ! !
i vaguely remember ben from my sci - fi fandom days of the ' 60s , i was doing several interviews & bios of obscure actors / actresses , most notably ben , actress fay spain , and jody fair , who played angela in 1961 's the young savages .
ben was one of the people at a low - key sci - fi con in chicago , about 1970 , when i had a nice chat with him and his " career " and life .
all these were published in some now - long - forgotten fanzine of the day .
wish i still had copies of those interviews , but time marches on , and any of those people surely would n't ' remember me at all so many years later .
ben was a really nice fellow , ekeing out a living ( the cons of those days did n't even pay their guest , unless , of course they were big - name stars , and even then the pay was a couple hundred dollars , at most !
good to know ben 's still alive & kicking !
how 'bout a remake of creature , but 50 years older !
ugly then , uglier now !
i ca n't say that wargames : the dead code is the worst movie i 've ever seen , as it had one or two decent moments , but i can easily say it 's the most transparent movie i 've ever seen .
not once did a plot device present itself without me guessing it
10 + minutes in advance .
there was no subtlety to anything the movie did , no intelligence evident at all behind the scenes .
every spoken or typed line 's intent was so glaringly obvious
it was impossible to " get into " the movie .
i found myself laughing at the horribly thought out plot line , and the bumbled attempts to reclaim the audience , far more often than i found myself enjoying the movie .
i watched this film because i 'm a big fan of river phoenix and joaquin phoenix .
i thought i would give their sister a try , rain phoenix .
i regret checking it out .
she was embarrasing and the film just has this weird plot if that s what you want to call it .
sissy was just weird and jellybean just sits on a toilet who both sleep with this old man in the mountains , what s going on ?
i have never been so unsatisfied in my life .
it was just total rubbish .
i ca n't believe that the actors agreed to do such a waste of film , money , time and space .
have sissy being ' beautiful ' did nt get to me .
i thought she was everything but that .
those thumbs were just stupid , and why do we care if she can hitchhike ?
whats the point ? ?
out of 10 , shame the poll does nt have a 0 , does nt even deserve a 1 .
hopefully , rain is better in other films , i forgive her for this one performance , i mean i would nt do much better with that film .
i just watched this horrid thing on tv .
needless to say it is one of those movies that you watch just to see how much worse it can get .
frankly , i do n't know how much lower the bar can go .
the characters are composed of one lame stereo - type after another , and the obvious attempt at creating another " bad news bears " is embarrassing to say the very least .
i have seen some prized turkeys in my time , but there is no reason to list any of them since this is " numero uno" .
let me put it to you this way , i watched the vanilla ice movie , because it was so bad it was funny .
this ... this ... is not even that good .
muscular man - ape in the jungles of africa is hunted by an opportunistic expedition team ; the comely daughter of the team 's leader finds him first .
much - ballyhooed version of the tarzan tale has an ok production , but is crippled by the single - handedly worst direction of a film i have ever seen .
john derek is bereft of inspiration beyond cheesy slow - motion action shots and peek - a - boo glimpses of wife bo derek 's unclothed body ; he has about as much talent behind the camera as ed wood .
trying for tongue - in - cheek sexuality , the dereks lack finesse , snappy timing , and taste .
they have a sense of self - parody and bravura abandonment ( they do throw caution to the winds ) , but after a promising opening it all goes to hell .
miles o'keeffe ( who possibly had marbles in his mouth the entire time ) has the title role , but plays third fiddle to john derek 's ego and bo derek 's sense of self - importance .
* from
* * * *
i have never read the bradbury novel that this movie is based on but from what i 've gathered , it will be interesting ( when i finally do read it and i will ) .
my comments will be based purely on the film .
as soon as i saw the trailer i knew i had to see it and was so excited
but when i finally did , i was so disappointed it hurt .
this is because the movie itself felt so amateurish .
the actors were not well cast ( though robards and pryce are both good actors - just not here ) .
the kid actors , it seemed , were merely asked to show up , get in the characters ' clothes , say the lines and make the faces .
the set and props were cheap and unrealistic .
the direction was surprisingly bad .
i was so surprised at the awfulness of it that i had to go online and check who directed it , just to see the kind of work he had done .
the editing was cut and paste and the plot ( screenplay ) was just that as well ( even though the author had been involved himself , irony ? ) .
the building up of the tension , fear and suspense was so mild it was ineffective when the climax finally came .
i've read some of the comments on this movie and find it hard to believe people actually like it .
what hurts the most is that the content is interesting and fun and intriguing .
it had so much potential .
unfortunately , the film was so technically bad it takes away from the brilliance of the story .
if i could give it less that 1
i would .
do not bother to rent ; if someone gives you the dvd burn it .
this is horrible movie making .
a total waste of even digital " film " .
i have seen better on youtube made by 12 year old boys .
lommel claims to have written this ,
if that is the case he is a classic case of someone who is illiterate in two languages .
the story line is none existent , the dialog is mainly screaming , the camera work is some sort of attempted arty flairs with nonsensical cutting of totally unrelated jumps to either industrial transportation scenes or some sort of odd angry young woman rift .
i can usually follow a less than obvious plot or see the purpose in a " creative " film - i like david lynch .
this one is either so far beyond my limited powers of comprehension i missed it
or it is totally pointless .
i think this is a " lets see if we can grab a title that will be coming out soon and do a weird rift on it and see if we can grab some of the bucks " con job .
i can not see why lionsgate even bothered with this .
totally worthless , it is so bad i will not rent any other by this same director .
when sam peckinpah 's superlative the wild bunch ( 1969 ) opened the door to outrageous displays of graphic cinematic ultra - violence , it did so with a talented ( if whisky - marinated ) hand guiding the camera and had a compelling story with characters who had actual depth , but in no time flat there were scores of imitators that fell far from the benchmark set by peckinpah 's epic , and soldier blue definitely falls into that category .
soldier blew , er , blue tells the story of foul - mouthed new yorker cresta lee ( candice bergen ) a blonde proto - hippie chick who 's been " rescued " from two years of " captivity " among the cheyenne and is now being sent to a fort where she 'll be reunited with the fiancée she only wants to marry for his money .
also on board the wagon she 's traveling in is a shipment of government gold , cash the cheyenne
need to buy guns with , so in short order the soldiers are wiped out and cresta flees to the hills , accompanied by honus gant ( peter strauss ) , the lone surviving cavalryman .
calling gant by the snarky nickname " soldier blue , " cresta demonstrates that her years among the " savages " was time well spent , outstripping gant in survival skills , common sense , and sheer balls , and over their journey toward the fort they must persevere against the elements , a band of hostile kiowa , an unscrupulous trader  played by donald pleasance , here giving one of his most ridiculous performances , and that 's saying something 
and , in the tradition of many previous western - set romantic comedies , each other .
during the course of their misadventures the two opposites are inevitably  and predictably  attracted to each other and eventually end up getting it on  while gant has a freshly- treated bullet wound that went clean through his leg , no less  in what was surely the only conveniently located cave for at least a twelve mile radius that was n't filled with rattlesnakes , mountain lions , or who knows what , to say nothing of the cheyenne , who could have done something really spiffy with such a primo apartment ( there i go , thinking in nyc real estate terms again ) .
realizing that their love could never flourish outside of the cave , cresta leaves gant and makes it to the fort by herself only to discover that the moron in charge wo n't spare a couple of men so they can rescue gant ; the regiment needs all available personnel to launch an attack on the nearby cheyenne village , and once cresta gets wind of that she slips past her obnoxiously horny hubby - to - be and makes a beeline straight to the cheyenne to warn them of what 's coming .
what happens next is what gained the film its infamy ; it turns out that all the wacky misadventures and squabbling were all just a lead - in to a hideous reenactment of the 1864 sand creek massacre , an orgy of rape , torture and general sadistic evil perpetrated in the name of " keeping the country clean , " and almost forty years after its release this sequence still disturbs and nauseates for its sheer cruelty .
children are trampled beneath the hooves of charging horses or impaled on bayonets , unarmed people are beheaded 
a nice effect , i have to admit 
women are stripped and pawed by gangs of slavering brutes , then raped and mutilated  in one truly sickening instance a naked native woman puts up too much of a fight , so her rapist instead decides to cut off her breasts , which we thankfully only see the start of before the camera moves on to chronicle some other hideous act  and scores of innocent people are shot and dismembered , their compone nt parts impaled on pikes and waved about in victorious celebration or kept as the most ghoulish of souvenirs .
no joke , this scene would instantly garner an nc-17 rating if released today , to say nothing of possibly spurring native american interest groups to riot in the streets over the incredibly exploitative manner in which the atrocities are depicted .
i'm all in favor of westerns that do n't shy away from honest portrayals of how the west was won , or stolen if truth be told , but this film has no idea of what kind of movie it wants to be ; one minute it 's a heavy - handed pseudo - hippy lecture about how the treatment of the natives was totally effed up (
well , duh ! )
, then it 's a light - hearted battle of the sexes farce wherein cresta proves herself five times the man gant is and manages to look hot in her tasty red calico poncho ( with no undies ) , but that all goes out the window when donald pleasance shows up with an unintentionally ( ? )
hilarious pair of buck - toothed dentures and our heroes must figure out how to escape from his murderous clutches in a sub - plot that goes nowhere , all of which culminates in the aforementioned apocalyptic climax .
any one of those tacks would have been okay for a coherent film , but the end result is a slapdash mess that milked the horrors of its final ten minutes for all they were worth in the film 's promotion and poster imagery .
but by trying to be all things to all audiences , soldier blue ends up as an incoherent , preachy mulligan stew of presumably well - intentioned political correctness , but if they were going to tell the story of the sand creek massacre , would n't it have been a good idea to have some indian characters who were more than just walk - ons with murphy brown acting as their mouthpiece ?
we get to know absolutely nothing of the people who get wiped out solely for what appears to be a crass ploy to lure gorehound moviegoers into seeing " the most savage film in history .
" if you , like me , were intrigued by the provocative ads and reviews that shower almost endless praise upon it for its " daring to tell it like it was , " take my word for it and let soldier blue slowly fade into cinematic obscurity .
... had i watched it in my teenage years .
this movie was mildly entertaining .
what i liked about soul survivors were the gothic atmosphere during the party scenes , and the constant flips between ' dream ' and ' reality .
had there not been movies like ' the 6th sense ' and
' do n't look now ' i would have been surprised by the ending .
a gave it a " 2 " instead of a " 1 " ( awful ) because there is no denying that many of the visuals were stunning , a lot of talent went into the special effects and artwork .
but that was n't enough to save it .
the " sepia " toned , washed out colors sort of thing has been done before many times in other movies .
nothing new there .
i can see there were some hat - tips to other old , classic movies .
no problem with that .
but a movie has got to be entertaining and interesting , not something that would put you to sleep .
the story line and the script of this movie was awful , the characters
two dimensional .
slow moving .
some of the scenes were pretty to look at , but ultimately , as a whole , it was quite boring , i could n't recommend it .
young and attractive japanese people are getting on the wrong side of some curse again , this time it involves mobile phones .
various people die until the disgruntled spirit behind it all is unearthed , so essentially if you 've seen more than 2 recent japanese horror films you can plot this film in the dark with your hands tied .
the main attraction here is the fact that takashi miike is behind the camera .
so far i 've been more impressed with his low key works like city of lost souls , however as one missed call plodded along i was yearning for his more renowned envelope pushing of dead or alive or the overly pseudo - cronenberg style of audition .
despite a lot of his films being essentially empty , at least they do have merits such as these , or at least something to keep your attention like tadanobu asano prancing about in shiny suits impersonating johnny depp .
there 's none of that in one missed call ; there 's just very little of credit :
the acting is bland and average , there is very little ( nothing , in all honesty ) in the way of scares or suspense , and in places it 's just downright boring .
however , there are moments where miike 's glacier - like sense of humour seeps through the bland commercialism ; most notably with the instance of the tv show intent on filming the demise of one of the cursed subjects , and the tv programmer more concerned about his ratings than the girls ' life .
but aside from this there is nothing to suggest it is miike behind the camera ; most notably his usual visual flair has vanished without a trace ( and that includes his famous gore ) , although it 's more likely he just did n't have any enthusiasm for the project , and i can understand why .
one missed call is n't offensively bad .
it 's just frustratingly average .
miike obviously loves directing .
with his huge yearly output it 's obvious he is n't going to be 100 % concerned about all his projects .
but even with this in mind , one missed call felt like he was just paying the bills .
the movie starts out with some scrolling text which takes nearly five minutes .
it gives the basic summary of what is going on .
this could have easily been done with acting but instead you get a scrolling text effect .
soon after you are bombarded with characters that you learn a little about , keep in mind this is all you will learn about them .
the plot starts to get off the ground and then crashes through the entire movie .
not only does the plot change , but you might even ask yourself if your watching the same movie .
i have never played the video game , but know people who have .
from my understanding whether you 've played the game or not this movie does not get any better .
save your money unless you like to sleep at the theaters .
this movie was made - for - tv , so taking that into account , i 'm not going to rip into it as hard as i would a feature film .
the script is sub - par , but it does succeed in being mildly humorous in spots , whether it means to be or not .
the acting is mostly over - the - top , but that is true for many lower - budget movies .
the aspect of this movie that i really hated , though , was that 90 - 95 % of it is shot on film , but in random places , there will be 5 - 10 seconds where the footage is shot on video .
you can tell because there is less contrast , the colors are less vivid , and the footage is clearly 30 frames per second instead of film 's 24 frames per second .
i 'm not sure if maybe these scenes had to be shot later and at that time they did n't have the money to shoot on film
( i assume this is why , anyway ) , but it is disorienting and really makes the film look shoddier than it had to look .
anyway , i 've definitely seen worse movies , but i definitely would n't say that i enjoyed this movie
and i ca n't recommend that anyone see it .
violence whether real or not always has an impact .
in this film the violence is about as crass as you could ask for .
in the great ecstacy the director has successfully demonstrated what extremes of violence people are capable of .
but what was the point ?
the violence looks like a mix of noë 's ' irreversible , and ' kubrick 's ' clockwork orange' ... both of which are remarkable films .
do n't get me wrong , i 'm not opposed to screen violence at all
and i 've seen some nasty stuff in my film - going years , but this film as a whole is totally juvenile .
the story is never developed enough to offer any reason for the extreme violence , the rizla paper thin reason we are give for robert 's demise is his introduction to drugs .
danny dyer plays the character who is partly responsible for robert 's drug fuelled demise , however he is on screen for less than 5 minutes .
lesley manville is robert 's unable to cope mum , i am not sure what either of these actors is doing in a film of this low caliber .
the acting is wooden , the scene in the kitchen with the tv - cook and his wife for instance is as painful to watch if not more so than the shocking finale- who wrote those dialogues ? !
some of the comments the boys make ...
'looks
like she 's enjoying it '
are so trite as to tempt one to laugh if it were not for clay 's ardent desire to bombard us with harrowing images of mutilated female genitals .
why we need to be shown such detail possibly down to the director 's adolescent obsession with sadistic pornographic imagery ...
one can only wonder at this young man 's psychology .
the ' political meaning ' of the film was repeatedly brought to our attention due to the amount of scenes ; in the bar , outside the tv - cook 's house , war in iraq reports , was perhaps too obvious in my opinion .
yes , war is violent , social determinism causes frustration , we 're all prone to horrifingly violent acts whether you 're in politics or on the street popping e. juxtaposing all these things as part of the same underlying issue is evading the actual issue which is the meaning of violence in man .
this issue is one that we still have n't managed to grasp and certainly not in this film .
my opinion : derivative , badly - made and pointless .
this is probably the worst movie ever made it is just to bad the name of roger corman is associated with it .
i could 've understand it in his early years when he had lower budgets
but nowadays there is no excuses for giving birth to this !
i 'm a " b " movie pervert and from certain people point of view all the flicks i love are put aside by " regular viewers " but take my word on this one , vampire club makes the top of my list of the best of worst .
it 's hard to imagine , vampires with no fangs , the music score is totally out of place , the sound effects are just not effective and
finally mr .
savage does n't seem to know he is in a vampire movie at all witch is too bad 'cause he had a " not to bad " career over all .
let me know i'f i 'm to hard on this one
cause when i do n't like a movie i tend to forget about it 's good side .
i guess i was attracted to this film both because of the sound of the story and the leading actor , so i gave it a chance , from director gregor jordan ( buffalo soldiers ) .
basically ned kelly ( heath ledger ) is set up by the police , especially superintendent francis hare ( geoffrey rush ) , he is forced to go on the run forming a gang and go against them to clear his own and his family 's names .
that 's really all i can say about the story , as i was n't paying the fullest attention to be honest .
also starring orlando bloom as joseph byrne , naomi watts as julia cook , laurence kinlan as dan kelly , philip barantini as steve hart , joel edgerton as aaron sherritt , kiri paramore as constable fitzpatrick , kerry condon as kate kelly , emily browning as grace kelly and rachel griffiths as susan scott .
ledger makes a pretty good performance , for what it 's worth , and the film does have it 's eye - catching moments , particularly with a gun battle towards the end , but i ca n't say i enjoyed it as i did n't look at it all .
okay !
being the only movie i was able to see at this year 's " nordische filmtage " at lübeck , this year 's festival will be remembered as a all - time low for me .
this movie , which was announced as an erotic thriller , is nothing more than a sick piece of crap !
excuse the language , but there are n't any decent words to describe it .
first of all , the actors are not the best .
but even better actors would not have rescued the movie .
e.g. the plot : after the first 15 minutes it was quite clear that john was sick , the neighbour girls were not real and that he killed his first girlfriend .
the so called " sex - scene " was nothing else but disgusting ( hitting each other until blood flows for me has n't anything to do with sexuality ) , but unfortunately that were not the only disgusting images to be shown .
everything else was copied by other directors like e.g. lynch , but of course without their geniality .
so , to summarize the whole film and to save other viewers time and money : guy loses girlfriend , girlfriend turns back home , guy kills girlfriend and becomes mad afterwards , guy imagines hot , but crazy neighbour girls , guy has very disgusting sex with one of them ( or so he thinks ) , in the end he realizes , he is crazy and his girlfriend and her new lover lay in his apartment all the time ... bad story , bad actors , pictures , that make you want to vomit ...
1 out of 10 ( 1 point for the fact ,
that you realize how good you can understand norwegian if you learned swedish - at least one benefit of the evening
- and you ca n't choose 0 points here ) .
caught this movie on the tube on a sunday .
i thought it was so bad
i looked it up on imdb to see what others thought of it .
i was not surprised at the amount of silly people who enjoyed this fluff .
i was however surprised when i looked into the comments to read the hated
it categories only to find that their were none .
i was shocked at this ; i always look at the hated
it 's as their are always those who hate a movie no matter how good it is .
somehow this movie made it through unscathed by the haters i say nay to that and proclaim proudly that i hate this movie !
i know i should go into detail about why i hate this movie but to do so would only grant this movie more respect than it deserves .
what an appalling film .
do n't get me wrong , gene hackman and denzel washington are good actors , but aside from a few interesting set pieces , the film is mostly taken up with hysterical submariners shouting , crying , sweating and generally freaking out when anything goes wrong .
take that with simplistic asides to make sure the audience still understand what 's going on ( the scene where denzel washington explains to a radio repairman how he must be like scotty in star trek is nothing more than a joke ) and you have a dumbed down thriller not worthy of the acting .
let us just hope that the real nuclear us navy is not in the hands of such a script !
i can understand after watching this again for the first time in many years how it is considered one of the worst laurel & hardy 's .
for me , it is n't as close to as bad as " air raid wardens " and " the bullfighters " , but there are some definite huge flaws in it .
the film is set up to show laurel and hardy as the owners and instructors of the dance studio .
hardy is funny as the prancing lead of a " london bridge " dance , surrounded by 20th century fox starlets , while in the next room , laurel teaches the beginners ballet while wearing a ballerina outfit .
a clumsy carpenter spills glue on the floor , leading to a predicable gag where hardy ends up the looser .
then , in come the racketeers , now selling insurance covering up their protection racket .
one of them is a very young and handsome robert mitchum .
but no sooner do they bully the boys into buying insurance , they are arrested .
this is the end of the gangsters and the last time we see the dance studio .
the rest of the film is devoted to laurel and hardy 's support of wealthy patron trudy marshall and her inventor boyfriend , robert bailey .
they first try to help them hide their relationship from her disapproving parents ( matt briggs and margaret dumont ) and hopeful suitor allan lane , whom we can tell right off is a no - good swine .
this leads to
briggs ' hidden bar being revealed to tea - totaling dumont , and a gag where a rug is literally pulled out from the wealthy patriarch which crashes his bed into a pond below .
when bailey uses the boys to help display his ray gun , pandemonium ensues .
the dead - pan butler announces to case and dumont that their house is on fire .
later , hardy wants to use the insurance policy to gain money to pay their dance studio rent and hopes to get laurel to break a leg to do so .
there is no reference to the fact that the insurance salesmen were gangsters and that the policy would probably be invalid .
( even if they were to have become legitimate insurance salesman , after being arrested , their licenses would have been revoked ) .
laurel ends up getting off a bus which had been abandoned by the driver over a supposedly rabid dog ( only a frosting covered , cake devouring toto look - alike , or possibly the actual pooch ) , causing oliver to end up on a huge beach roller - coaster that somehow the bus has ended up on , perfectly fitting its wheels onto the tracks .
roller - coaster gags can be exciting , as evidenced in " abbott and costello go to hollywood " , and this one is amusing but anticlimactic .
as the story wraps up , all of these gags seem to have no point , giving the impression that this was simply a series of one - reelers put together to make a full - length feature , hopefully part of a double bill .
l&h , as i 've mentioned in other reviews of their later films , had lost much of their luster after leaving hal roach 's employ , but surprisingly here , they do not come off as old and tired looking as they had in films made in the same year .
had the gags not been as amusing , as was the case with some of their other films , this surely would have ranked a " 2 " as opposed to a " 3 " .
poor performances by sinatra , martin and hyer .
grossly underdeveloped supporting characters .
annoying talky with no real plot .
ending leaves you flatter than a pancake , with more loose ends than you could tie up in four sequels ( that is , if you even cared about these wooden characters ) .
maclaine is the only real asset .
that penultimate sequence in which the " chicago hood " searches for the sinatra character is laughable .
the music in that sequence also is poor .
and in the final scene when martin 's character removes his hat for the woman he called a " pig , " almost made me go outside and find a stone to throw through my television screen .
what made the original killer tomatoes fun was it was made by people with no budget who were just being wacky for a couple of days ...
this was something with a budget , but it just was n't as much fun .
john astin of adams family fame is actually making an effort here to be comedic , but he is supported by lame actors , cheap special effects and unfunny gags .
the plot .
dr. gangrene ( astin ) escapes from a french prison and decides he is going to put a pretender on the throne of france ...
the hero , his french girlfriend and the gizmo - like " fuzzy tomato " decide they are going to stop him ...
forgettable direct to video nonsense ...
this movie , supposedly a thriller , had about five sub - plots that developed simultaneously to climax at the end , but it ended up more as a yawn .
the writing was trite , the pace was slow and disjointed and the characters were boring .
george clooney looks like he needs to get into a gym , matt damon hammed it up and the others seemed to read their lines from a teleprompter .
the worst part of this movie was that it was carefully crafted to be politically correct
and so it ended up saying nothing at all about big business , oil and the middle - east .
i have seen documentaries provide more excitement .
watch it only if there 's absolutely nothing else to do .
highly implausible , unbelievable , and incoherent spanish production about ...
well , let me see just how close i can get to it .
the film opens with a woman having one of her cat 's killed by a young girl .
she then begs her lover to take her somewhere on his vacation .
he calls work and demands that he loses his vacation time
and she says he will pay for this .
what relevance this plays out to is anybody 's guess at the film 's end , because the guy , a swarthy photographer , spies a beautiful patty shepard , queen of spanish horror films it seems , taking her bikini top off momentarily so he can snap a picture , ask her out to lunch , and then to his assignment to witches mountain - for reasons again we are never privy to .
before they go , patty must stop by the house and loud , " eerie " chanting echoes in our hero 's ears .
again , this is never explained .
the film goes on with these two stopping at an inn , going on to the mountain , and finally realizing why the mountain is called witches mountain .
you know , there are several aspects to this film which make it better than a bad film .
it has some atmosphere , some of the character actors are really quite good(especially the deaf innkeeper and the old woman ) , the leads are at least adequate , and the climax - though it makes absolutely no sense at all - is well - choreographed(literally ) with the witches in white brassieres and long black hair .
it just does n't make any sense though , and that is a huge detractor to me .
i could watch the film another ten times and still not know more now than i did after the first viewing .
that is a major problem .
the witches mountain is a curious film from the long line of cheap , atmospheric european horror films that blanketed that decade .
if you can get more out of it than me , better power to you .
i do n't know where to begin .
tara reid needs to be stopped before she 's put in another movie .
stephen dorff looks like he got his character 's motivation from val kilmer in " top gun " .
slater sleepwalks through this dreck .
the direction , editing , sound ( do we really need a heavy - metal video in the middle of a gunfight ? ) , costumes ( bulletproof vests with muscles on them ) , and hey , there 's no discernible plot either .
it amazes me that no one attached to the project stopped and said , " hey guys , this just does n't make any sense , let 's start over " .
hopefully slater 's career can rebound from this disaster .
hands down the worst film i 've ever seen .
i 'm not a stage purist .
a movie could have been made of this play , and it would almost necessarily require changes ... comme ci , comme ca .
but the modest conceits of this material are lost or misunderstood by the movie 's creators who are in full - on " shallow blockbuster " mode .
it would be hard to imagine a worse director .
perhaps only josh logan & jack warner could have ruined this in the same way attenborough did .
onstage a chorus line was a triumph of workshopping as a production method .
dancers answering a casting call found themselves sitting around shooting the crap about their stage - career experiences ( very 70s ! ) .
then bennett and hamlisch took some time , handed them a song and cast them as themselves .
astonishing !
unbelievably modern .
story'of acl is ( in turn ) about answering a casting call for a play we never have a complete view of , because the play does n't matter .
it was meta before the idea was invented , 25 years before adaptation noodled with a similar idea .
acl was also another in a reductivist trend that is still alive , & which is a hallmark of modern creativity : that technique itself is compelling ...
that there 's more drama in an average person 's life than you could ever synthesize with invented characters .
what a gracious idea .
the stage play had one performance area ( an empty stage ) and three different ways to alter the backdrop , to alleviate visual tedium , not to keep viewers distracted .
the space recedes and the actors stories are spotlighted .
it worked just fine .
that was the point .
all these ideas are trampled or bastardized .
set - wise , there was n't one , and no costumes either until the the dancers came out for their final bows , in which the exhilarating " one " is finally , powerfully , performed in full ( gold ) top hats and tails , with moves we recognize because we 've watched them in practice sessions .
the pent - up anxiety of the play is released --- and audiences went nuts .
after grampa manhandles this , it 's like a mushed , strangled bird .
he clearly has the earlier , respected all that jazz ( and fosse 's stage piece dancin ' ) in mind as he makes his choices .
hamlisch 's score was edgy & interesting for it 's time , but time has not been kind to it .
it 's as schmaltzy as " jazz hands . "
and that 's before attenborough ever touches it .
he 's remarkable at finding whatever good was left , and mangling it .
a simple question might have helped attenborough while filming this , " could i bear spending even a few minutes with people like these ? "
a major issue for any adaptation of the play is how the 4th wall of theater ( pivotal by it 's absence in theater ) would be addressed in the film format .
there 's never been a more " frontal " play .
the answer they came up with was , " i 'm sorry ..
what was the question ?
" the cast has been augmented from a manageable number of unique narratives , to a crowd suffocating each other and the audience , and blending their grating selves together .
i was well past my annoyance threshold when that annoying little runt swings across the stage on a rope , clowning at the ( absent ) audience .
the play made you understand theater people .
this movie just makes you want to choke them .
perhaps broadways annoying trend of characters walking directly to stage center and singing their stories at the audience ( les miz , miss saigon ) instead of relating to other characters started here .
but the worst imaginable revival of the play will make you feel more alive than this movie .
a chorus line is pure schlock .
this show stinks .
for parents , they usually want their kids to watch something good for them .
it is usually educational , funny , and bright .
is it educational ?
the doodlebops sing and that 's it .
they usually sing about themselves , they do n't try teaching anything .
is it funny ?
the doodlebops instead say something which is not intended as a joke , and laugh at it .
is it bright ?
it 's so bright
, it 's painful .
as far as color , s everything is extremely bright , so that 's good .
but nothing is ever wrong in the world of the doodlebop 's .
therefore , they are always happy .
a kid in trouble will become depressed because they have never been exposed to being sad .
the show is also extremely cheesy .
every syllable is said to the highest level of exaggeration and very corny .
it 's overkill .
for kids , it 's entertaining , but past the age of 2 you wo n't want your kids to see it .
they 'll never know how to grow up .
this " movie " is more like a music video .
kusturica said in an interview from 2004 that when he is making movies , he feels like making music , and when he is making music , he feels like making movies .
the best thing in "
promise me this " is the music , written by stribor kusturica .
kusturica said in the same interview , that for him the dialogues in the movies are like noise . "
promise me this " has very little "
noise" .
i liked " life is a miracle " .
it was also like music video for the first 30 minutes and at some points later , but it had a beautiful plot . "
promise me this " has no plot .
i was awaiting this movie with big expectations , because i 've read , that the script has been written by ranko bozic - one of my favourite scriptwriters , who participated also in " life is a miracle " .
ranko bozic writes great dialogues , but for kusturica they are " noise " , and much to my regret , i saw only two dialogues , which i could identify as written by ranko bozic .
the other part of the script was used by the director for making his chaotic music video for the music of his son stribor .
gordan mihic ( the man who wrote the scripts for " time of the gypsies " and " black cat white cat " ) said in an interview , that kusturica never follows the script .
black cat white cat " was the only script , for which kusturica said , that he will not touch it .
according to gordan mihic , after all kusturica comes back to the script , and if he does n't , he does n't make a good movie .
and i think this is the case with " promise me this " .
he should have followed the script of ranko bozic .
"promise
this " is billed as a " comedy " , but there are very few moments , which made me laugh .
the comedic moments are in the same style as " black cat white cat " , but are not that funny at all .
i think the difference comes from the fact , that " black cat white cat " was written by gordan mihic .
however , i know some people , who liked " promise me this " , they find it very positive movie .
if you are planning to rent or buy this movie do n't .
it 's the worst thing i have ever seen .
i would comment on it more but it has been 10 years since i saw it and have blanked all of it from my mind .
save yourself some time money and well being and stay far far away .
some people say steve irwin 's larrikin antics and gregarious personality are only an act .
watch this film : it 's obvious he ca n't act .
steve irwin , dangerman star of the small screen in his * crocodile hunter diaries
, * croc files * and eponymous * crocodile hunter * series ( you see a naming trend here , or is it just me ? ) , rockets his larger - than - strife persona to the big screen with * crocodile hunter : collision course
* ( yup  there 's a definite trend of words beginning with ' c '
) - basically an episode of * crocodile hunter * mashed together with a b - movie .
on a mission to relocate a big croc to save it from being shot by an eccentric farmer ( magda szubanski ) , steve and wife terri are unaware that the croc is being tracked by american spies ( lachy hulme and kenneth ransom ) , out to recover a spy satellite beacon it has swallowed .
will it hurt my credibility to say " they 're on a collision course with wackiness " ?
( what credibility ?
ed note.)the plot is irrelevant , as it is steve 's animal magnetism that propels the film .
if you find his persona trying , the film is a failure , but if you 're a fan of either him ( as a businessman , conservationist or just plain ass - klown ) or his television shows , expect more of the same on a wide - screen budget .
john stainton , faithful liege , best mate and helmer of the crocodile hunter
* oeuvre * ( can it be called that with a straight face ? ) , writes and directs with the same provincial swagger that made steve a household wildlife jester .
the most jarring aspect of this movie is that steve ( one of the few people for whom you can actually hear the exclamation points going by as he speaks ) and terri ( steve 's spouse of 10 years , fiercest ally and closest friend ) treat it like it is one of their documentaries , breaking the " fourth wall " and speaking directly to the camera , whilst all the other characters behave as if they 're in a bad movie ( well  ) .
it would n't be so incongruous if steve and terri were kept separated from the rest of the characters
but when the bad americans constantly threaten steve 's life , we confused viewers must ask ourselves why the indifferent camera crew does n't at least call the cops if not try to poke the bad guys in the eye with the boom mics , or run screaming into the bush
 anything but continue filming casually with great lighting , crisp audio and seven action angles .
while terri is unfairly painted as steve 's mildly incompetent sidekick ( her acting consists of boldly inept line reads and gadding about in pear - shaped - buttock - hugging jeans - for the last , i 'm not complaining ) , steve goes about his business - as - usual of show - and - tell with creatures intent on killing him , doing all his stunts himself because , well , to him they 're not really stunts , just a day at the office .
of course , watching this madman 's koo - koo adventures after his tragic death in september 2006 casts a strange detachment over the proceedings .
but to those of us who never met him , this kind of malarkey ( as well as various incarnations of the * crocodile hunter * series in constant re - runs ) keeps him as alive as ever in our crocodile burrows .
the wrenching reality of his absence will only be apparent to those nearest him .
and i truly wish them the best in following in his outsize footprints   so enjoy this diversion for what it is  a half - baked movie featuring a full - on legend .
he died doing what he loved  interacting with wildlife - and he could never have asked for more of his first feature film in portraying him doing just that.(movie maniacs ,
visit : poffysmoviemania.com )
that 's a snippet of choice dialogue delivered by the evil , ballbusting lady assistant of a famous scientist to her prim maid just before she lures three incredibly dumb college girls to a mansion for behavior modification experiments .
meanwhile , at the local bar , people drink and dance to lame 80s rock songs .
a biker punk has sex with a cycle slut on a pinball table in front of a crowd of people , then tries to rape the scientist 's virginal daughter jessica ( debra hunter ) , who is in love with another biker ( dale midkiff , from pet sematary ) , who , in turn , is in cohorts with the assistant !
back at the house , the sorority bimbos swim , shower , change clothes and have sex with men from the bar .
a small silver ball ( part of the experiment ) flies into victims mouths and turns them into drooling , killer zombies!if
that is n't enough to entertain you , there 's a hilarious theme song ( " nightmare fantasy " ) , roller skating , some serious daisy dukes and a psychic hand puppet ( ! ? )
that warns " danger !
danger ! "
just like the lost in space robot and recommends hitchhiking as one of the best ways to pick up men!this filmed - in - florida mess is so mind - numbingly awful that multiple viewings are recommended to soak it all in .
and , hey is n't that nypd blue 's detective jill kirkendall turned cnn newscaster andrea thompson as one of oft - nude bimbos ?
sure is !
supposedly this was started in 1982 and new footage was added later for the video release in 1985.score : 1 out of 10 ( and
i mean that in a good way ! )
just too many holes in this movie to be enjoyable and worse of all a bizarre almost hollywood - like ending that is completely out of context with the rest of the movie ( this is not a spoiler as you will never guess how it ends!).you will also need to be thick skinned to all sorts of politically correct undertones .
the conflict between whites and blacks was highly contrived and one sided .
i did n't understand why the author had the local black communinity behave in such an unacceptable manner , is he /
she trying to be racist?a truly bizare movie .
only watch if you like to be really annoyed by holes in the plot and like to debate all the things that may or may not have supposed to have happened .
but on the positive side the filming and acting is excellent .
the easiest way to describe this movie is as a satire .
the target of the satire is quite vast , from the us government to corporate america .
it is also not a stinging satire , but rather a silly one .
think of this movie as a mix between the kentucky fried movie , airplane and police squad series , done with a much smaller budget and not as funny .
i can see how this movie is a satire of many sci - fi disaster movies from the 50 's and 60 's .
i see this movie as a big influence on tim burton 's mars attacks .
the plot is simple enough .
genetically engineered giant tomatoes go " crazy " and start attacking people and cities .
at first there is a cover up
and then it blows over into full blown war .
the movie runs the gamut of characters and characterizations : lois " fairchild " ( a lois lane clone ) , a very ambitious presidential press secretary , clark kent , mason dixon ( fia agent who has n't worked since the bay of pigs ) , a useless president ( who only seems to be able to sign his name and attack new york ) , an even inept congress , a sleazy marketing ceo , and mason 's team consisting of an obese east german " female " swimmer , a scuba diver , a crazed wwii paratrooper and an african - american disguise expert ( disguised as george washington , abraham lincoln , hitler and finally as a tomato ) .
did i also forget to mention , lots and lots of tomatoes ?
there are all kinds of tomatoes from small tomatoes , to giant plastic tomatoes , to smashed tomatoes , to tomato juice and finally to people dressed up as tomatoes .
on top of all this , you have a couple of musical numbers as well .
they are n't that good and seem to be dubbed .
the best tune is by far the theme of the movie ( " attack of the killer tomatoes " ) .
it is way too catchy and you might end up humming or singing it in public .
be warned .
most of the movie is quite amusing and shows the absurdity of various real life situations as well as various entertainment genres .
i do n't believe i was induced to laughter , but mostly smiled and scratched my head .
i definitely recommend this movie for fans of b and c grade movies , but only as a rental.-celluloid rehab
this one came out during the western genre ’s last gasp ; unfortunately , it emerges to be a very minor and altogether unsatisfactory effort – even if made by and with veterans in the field !
to begin with , the plot offers nothing remotely new : james coburn escapes from a chain gang , intent on killing the man ( now retired ) who put him there – charlton heston .
while the latter lays a trap for him , coburn outwits heston by kidnapping his daughter ( barbara hershey ) .
naturally , the former lawman – accompanied by hershey ’s greenhorn fiancé ( chris mitchum ) – sets out in pursuit of coburn and his followers , all of whom broke jail along with him .
rather than handling the proceedings in his customary sub - fordian style , mclaglen goes for a sam peckinpah approach – with which he ’s never fully at ease : repellent characters , plenty of violence , and the sexual tension generated by hershey ’s presence among coburn ’s lusty bunch .
incidentally , heston and coburn had previously appeared together in a sam peckinpah western – the troubled major dundee ( 1965 ; i really need to pick up the restored edition of this one on dvd , though i recently taped the theatrical version in pan - and - scan format off tcm uk ) .
anyway , the film is too generic to yield the elegiac mood it clearly strives for ( suggested also by the title ) : then again , both stars had already paid a fitting valediction to this most american of genres – will penny ( 1968 ) for heston and coburn with pat garrett & billy the kid ( 1973 ) !
at least , though , heston maintains a modicum of dignity here – his ageing character attempting to stay ahead of half - breed coburn by anticipating what his next move will be ; the latter , however , tackles an uncommonly brutish role and only really comes into his own at the climax ( relishing his moment of vengeance by sadistically forcing heston to witness his associates ’ gang - rape of hershey ) .
apart from the latter , this lengthy sequence sees heston try to fool coburn with a trick borrowed from his own el cid ( 1961 ) , the villainous gang is then trapped inside a bushfire ignited by the practiced heston and the violent death of the two ‘ obsolete ’ protagonists ( as was his fashion , heston ’s demise takes the form of a gratuitous sacrifice!).the supporting cast includes michael parks as the ineffectual town sheriff , jorge rivero as coburn ’s mexican lieutenant , and larry wilcox – of the tv series chips ! –
as the youngest member of coburn ’s gang who ’s assigned the task of watching over hershey ( while doing his best to keep his drooling mates away ! ) .
jerry goldsmith contributes a flavorful
but , at the same time , unremarkable score .
there are so many puns to play on the title of the spectacularly bad valentine that i do n't know where to begin .
i will say this though ; here is a movie that makes me long for the complexity of the valentine cards we used to give out in elementary school .
you know , the ones with batman exclaiming
" you 're
a super crime - fighting valentine!"valentine is a slasher movie without the slightest hint of irony , one of the few horror movies in recent years that ignores the influence of scream .
the villain is omniscient and nigh - invulnerable .
the heroes are easily scared when people run around corners and grab them by the shoulders screaming " heyijustleftmycoatbehind ! "
the score is more overbearing than norman bates ' mother .
the flimsy plot follows several childhood friends , now grown up and extremely curvaceous .
since the film gives them nothing else to do , they stand around and wait until a masked stalker kills them one by one .
this stalker appears to be former nerd jeremy melton , who was constantly rejected by women and beaten by men in high school .
with valentine 's day approaching , the women begin receiving scary cards foretelling their doom .
melton seems like the obvious suspect .
only problem is , as numerous characters warns , in thirteen years melton could have changed his appearance to look buff and handsome .
so ( insert terrified gasp here )
everyone is a suspect!here 's problem one .
in order to have any sense of suspense while watching valentine , you have to accept a reality in which a high school nerd is capable of becoming david boreanaz .
nerds do n't turn into angel when they grown up , they turn into older , balder nerds .
he 's not a terrible actor , but the script , by no less than four writers , gives him and the rest of the cast nothing to do but scream and make out .
denise richards ( the bustiest actress in hollywood never to star in baywatch ) is especially exploited ; most shamefully in the blatant excuse to get her in a bathing suit just before a crucial suspense scene .
note to self : always bring a bathing suit to a valentine 's day party .
just because it 's
february does n't mean you might not feel like taking a little dip .
the slasher in valentine dresses in head - to - toe black with a cherub 's mask .
here 's problem number two .
the filmmakers clearly thought this would be a disturbing image to have on the head of someone who 's whacking people in the face with hot irons .
plain and simple , it 's not .
instead , it just made me wonder how a guy with a mask that covers his entire face , including his eyes and ears , can move so stealthily without bumping his shins on chairs or tables .
then again , given the things the cupid killer does , maybe he can teleport and his eyes are on his hands .
not only is the movie bad , it is n't even sure who the killer is ; the final " twist " is more " huh ? "
than " hah ! "
when you 're not scratching your head
you 're yawning , then groaning , then searching for the nearest exit .
do not watch this movie .
even if you 're alone on valentine 's day , find something , anything , else to do .
you 'll be glad you did .
the fine cast can not uplift this routine tale of a secretary murdered by her married paramour .
in fact there are more questions than answers in this one - sided tale of romance and murder ; and since we are only provided with the prosecution 's side , none of these questions will be answered .
this is the type of fare that appeals to the " he woman , man hater " clubs of america .
as presented , it is the tale of an innocent woman who just happens to be " caught up " in a romance with a married , high - profile attorney .
is it possible that if , she had not been two timing her boy friend and having an affair with a married man , the whole nasty murderous , sordid incident could have been avoided ?
when you watch this , do n't worry about going to the ' fridge , you wo n't miss anything .
how can you gather this respectable cast of young british actors and come up with such a pile of filmic manure ?
horrible script , annoyingly hectic camera , awfully edited , gruesomely badly acted .
only rhys ifans tries to fill his role with life .
another painful proof that " different " sometimes equals " dreck " .
why do the money people fail to read the scripts beforehand ?
do yourself a favour : spare yourself and do something else - like hitting a mallet onto your knees .
it 's less painful and more fun than this movie !
do n't drink the cool - aid .
this is an opinion piece disguised as a documentary .
and to title it as a " truth " is just plain crap .
the debate over global warming is far from over , and will only be over when the eco - zombies start acknowledging the mountain of evidence contrary to their beloved theory .
just google " global warming " and " hoax " or " junk science " and you will find a river of information refuting nearly every link in the chain of logic that gore sites .
the reason it is so important for people to educate themselves is the disastrous economic impact that global warming prevention measures would have .
wake up people .
anyone with a computer , a little time , and some common sense can find many many reasons why this theory is not even close to credible .
do n't just read articles that support your present opinions , read everything you can find .
there is no in - depth analysis to make , really .
there is simply too many alternate possibilities and counter - evidence for the theory to have even the most basic level of scientific credibility .
it is so uncredible , in fact , that it may be the single biggest hoax in the course of human existence .
it 's time for people to start speaking out against this kind of propaganda , and it 's time for people to admit to themselves and others that you can be a both a conservationist and recognize the glaring conclusion that global warming hysteria is a big lie .
wow , what a great cast !
julia roberts , john cusack , christopher walken , catherine zeta - jones , hank azaria ...
what 's that ?
a script , you say ?
now you 're just being greedy !
surely such a charismatic bunch of thespians will weave such fetching tapestries of cinematic wonder that a script will be unnecessary ?
you 'd think so ,
but no .
america 's sweethearts is one missed opportunity after another .
it 's like everyone involved woke up before each day 's writing / shooting / editing and though
" you know what ?
i 've been working pretty hard lately , and this is guaranteed to be a hit with all these big names
, right ?
i 'm just gon na cruise along and let somebody else carry the can . "
so much potential , yet so painful to sit through .
there is n't a single aspect of this thing that does n't suck .
even julia 's fat suit is lame .
plot synopsis : hong kong , 1966 .
paul wagner , the man who built the victoria tunnel , is murdered along with his wife by his associates .
his twin sons , chad & alex , are split apart .
25 years later , chad , a karate instructor in los angeles , & alex , a smuggler living in hong kong , join forces to avenge their parents ' murder & rightfully claim the tunnel .
this is the second time that jean - claude van damme & sheldon lettich have worked together , having previously done " lionheart " .
this is also the first of three films to feature van damme playing dual roles ( " maximum risk " & " replicant " are the others ) .
the plot is a very simplistic take on the revenge story , the film 's sole redeeming feature being van damme 's performance as two very different people  the prissy rich kid & the rough-&-tumble , cigar chomping tough guy .
as it goes , van damme does n't do a very good job in either role , although his take on alex is mildly amusing .
it is puzzling as to have the brothers mistaken for each other , with them wearing different clothes & having different hairstyles .
bolo yeung makes a very worthy henchman for the baddies .
in keeping with disney 's well - known practice of stealing .. i mean .. buying out known properties and bastardizing them , this live - action version of the venerable cartoon classic has got to be one of the worst re - makes in a year of bad re - makes .
i grew up on the original cartoon tv series .
any episode of the original cartoon series will give you more laughs than this entire movie .
not present is penny 's cool computer book .
also not present is the gag with the self - destructing orders that always ends up detonating on the chief .
new are a smooth talking gadget convertible ( the original cartoon had a cooler vehicle that could turn into a van or a car ) and an element of a typical , unrealistic hollywood romance .
do n't fill the coffers to pay for disney executives and even their _ ex_executives - do n't see this movie .
relentlessly stupid , no - budget " war picture " made mainly to show off the attributes of the spectacular eve meyer -- not a bad idea in itself -- but that should be an embarrassment to everyone connected with it .
laughable " script " , performances that would n't pass muster in an elementary - school christmas pageant , inept " action " scenes , confused direction by the normally competent documentary director louis clyde stoumen -- who is apparently not quite sure if he 's making a comedy , a philosophical treatise on the futility of war or a leering t&a ( by early 1960s standards , anyway ) travelogue of eve meyer 's magnificent body -- and a general air of shoddiness and incompetence .
worth seeing in order to watch eve meyer strut her stuff , but that 's pretty much it .
this was a truly bad film .
the character " cole " played by michael moriarty was the biggest reason this flopped , the actor felt that conjuring up an unbelievably awkward southern drawl would make this character more evil , it did n't .
after about 20 minutes i had wished for a speech therapist to make an appearance , this would have added some sincerity.- 1 ) badly acted - 2 ) unsympathetic characters - 3 )
razor thin plot lineyuck !
once again i took a chance and rented this bag of crap .
billed as a horror flick , there was n't one scene , not one , that was even remotely scarey .
not one ! !
sure there was some nudity , but all the lesbian action got a little old .
i guess maybe that was suppose to be this movie 's saving grace ?
and dan , what an annoying ass bag ! !
right from the beginning
i knew i was in for it when good ol' dan first spoke .
and he was suppose to be intimidating ?
what a laugh ! !
all in all , this movie is dreadfully awful !
how in the hell do movies like this get made ?
if you want a movie with a few thrills in it , do n't rent this one .
this movie is about as thrilling as the teletubbies .
having seen " triumph of the will , " i can only say this movie is ghastly , even measured against the historically low " standards " of the time .
naturally it 's all totally fabricated and prejudicial .
this is what one would expect of 1930 's german propaganda .
unfortunately , the quality of the presentation , itself , is hackneyed and cheap .
it 's also so blatantly ridiculous that even contemporary germans must 've left the theater holding their noses .
in a genre renowned for its base appeal , lack of originality and unapologetic wrong - headedness , this film does n't even qualify as " bad .
" it would have to improve significantly to attain that status !
this is at least the third remake of this movie so if while watching it , there is a sense of deja vu , do n't be surprised .
all they did was change the setting of the story and tell it differently but the differences are not significant .
and it does n't get any better because the plot is flawed to begin with .
it never works .
and like its predecessors , the acting is mediocre .
the plot has a unique ending which will surprise any one who has never seen the movie before but the ending does n't fit the story .
had this movie ended ten minutes earlier , it would have worked and have been very satisfying and i would have thought it more worthwhile .
but here is the spoiler and that in the end crime does pay because the criminal is not caught .
i never like this message resulting from a movie .
an mtv - style film crew consisting of american t.v. programme producer zack zardine ( matt borlenghi )
his camerawoman , the australian cecily ( kate fisher ) and two surfer ' dudes ' named bog hall ( dax miller ) and jeremy ( joel west ) arrive on some nice looking island somewhere , it 's not actually revealed where .
the crew plan to shoot an expose on ' bloodsurfing ' which is apparently the latest craze in extreme sports .
surfers throw bait into the sea and cut themselves to attract sharks , just to see if they can out - surf them without being eaten .
once there they are greeted by sonny lofranco ( cris vertido ) and his wife melba ( susan africa ) .
their search for the perfect location leads them to the shark infested waters of lilo - cay .
sonny , melba and their daughter lemmya ( maureen larrazabal ) take them in their boat .
soon after arriving and having already shot some ' bloodsurfing ' footage sonny , melba and lemmya are all killed by a 30 foot saltwater crocodile that some say ' owns ' the island .
the boat is sunk .
zack , cecily , bog and jeremy appear stuck on the island until such time a rescue party arrives .
however , after a run in with some , erm
well i do n't really know what they are .
pirates ?
drug smugglers ?
revolutionairies ?
fat ugly people who just do n't like being with other people ?
who knows ?
and more importantly who cares ?
not me
that 's for sure .
anyway , after escaping from these guys who look like pirates , they are picked up just off the coast of the island by captain john dirks ( duncan regehr ) and his girl arty ( taryn reif as tara reif ) .
the film crew believe they have been saved .
little do they know that the crocodile and captain dirks go way back
and he has a score to settle and four members of a film crew
are n't going to stop him .
captain dirks heads back to lilo - cay for a final showdown with the giant man - eating crocodile .
directed by james d.r. hickox this is one awful film , but it 's still not as bad as tobe hoopers crocodile ( 2000 ) .
everything about this film sucks .
the script by sam bernard and robert l.levy is terrible , extremely slow as the crocodile is n't even seen or mentioned before the 30 minute mark and by that time i was seriously bored and annoyed with the hideously unlikeable characters thought up by bernard and levy .
the whole film is also frustratingly predictable as well , within the first 10 minutes anyone familiar with horror film stereotypes and stock characters will be able to guess who dies and who will survive .
the crocodile effects are awful and seem to be repeated over and over , there is a small puppet head that obviously has someones arm stuck inside it controlling it 's movements as the water splashes become huge !
the cgi shots of the crocodile are just plain embarrassing to watch .
there is no gore apart from when a character is bitten in half which is achieved using cgi to digitally remove the actors legs , again it looks terrible .
there is also a brief scene when someone is impaled on wooden spikes when they set a trap off .
there is a reasonable amount of nudity and sex , plus the female actresses are nice and easy on the eye .
there are basic continuity and logical errors in the film too , in one sequence cecily is filming bog and jeremy ' bloodsurfing ' but from the angle and distance
she is at it
would be physically impossible to obtain footage of both the sharks and surfers at the same time , and surely that is the whole point of her shot ?
when dirks manages to harpoon the crocodile the angle of the wire changes dramatically between shots , in one shot the angle of the line looks like it 's coming from the sky , in the shot straight after the angle is completely different
and it seems as if the line is coming from below the surface of the water when in actual fact the harpoon is attached to the back of the boat and
the line should be almost level with the surface .
i could carry on , like why does the crocodile jump off the edge of a cliff if it 's so smart as this film tries to make out ?
but i would probably exceed the 1000 word limit if i listed everything that was wrong with this film , so i wo n't .
i hated this film , but rather scarily it 's still not as bad as tobe hoopers effort at a giant crocodile film .
definitely one to avoid .
i do not fail to recognize haneke 's above - average film - making skills .
for example , i appreciate his lingering on unremarkable - natural - day - lighted settings as a powerful way to force a strong sense of realism .
however , regarding the content of this film , i am very sad to see that in the 21st century there is still an urge to pathologize domination - submission relations or feelings ( and/or bdsm practices ) .
the problem that the main character has with her mother is unbelievably topical as is the alienation and uncomprehension felt by walter
( i do n't mean the frustration of a lover which is not loved back in the same way , which is understandable ; i mean that he looks upon her as if she were crazy , or as if he was a monk , come on ! ) .
i mean d / s is not something new in the world
and i think it is rather silly to treat the subject as if it were something " freakish " or pathological ; it is n't .
in general , films dealing with this subject are really lagging behind the times .
so , for me , i feel that this film ends up being quite a programmatical film , worried with very outdated psicoanalitical theories ( is n't it nearly embarrassing ? ) , and that does not really relate with real - life lives and experiences of those engaged in d / s relationships ( personal experience , forums , irc chatrooms even recent scholar studies will show this ) .
first , let me state that i am a big fan of ashley judd ; that 's why i was curious to check out this , her debut role .
no argument that her talent is apparent and her performance excellent .
i guess i can also see how the professional critics liked the aesthetic content of the story .
however , i like to think that movies are meant to entertain us and that is where this movie fails .
by the halfway point , i found myself thinking , " how much longer do we have to watch a bored shop girl , idly standing around a deserted souvenir shop , rearranging the merchandise ? "
it seemed to go on forever!then , i thought , maybe this is one of those movies where the director tries to lull the audience into a relaxed state before hitting them with some dynamic event .
no such luck .
the movie continues it 's bland , boring , uneventful story all the way to the end .
i'm not saying this because i 'm an action - junkie .
i like all kinds of movies , especially romantic - comedies .
but i expect to be entertained .
add the fact that the cinematography and sound quality are comparable to your neighbor 's bad home movies .
depressing!i just do n't get how anyone could like this movie .
zero - entertainment value .
the longest 114 minutes of my life .
a quite usual trashy italo - western , stupid storyline full of clichés and lack of logic , some mediocre actors , dirty settings , lots of punch - fights and people shoot dead on a massive scale .
this has nothing to do with django .
- at least not in my german translated version , this german dvd - release is called " adios companeros " and has macho callaghan fighting against butch cassidy and ironhead because their gang killed his one ( he 's the only survivor ) .
then you have butch cassidy and ironhead fighting each other because they quarreled and the gang split .
and you have ironhead fighting against everyone because he 's just the biggest and most greedy asshole anyway .
yeah , that 's it ,
no more cleverness in the storyline , hehe .
a small role by klaus kinski as reverend cotton is remarkable ( that 's why i bought this dvd ) .
in one scene he attempts to separate two men fighting by hitting them and screaming
" i said love ! "
and in another scene he wins a competition in throwing horseshoes and goes nuts for a second - fantasticfantasticfantastic!!!it 's also remarkable that joe d'amato aka aristide massaccesi did the cinematography
- i love this master of incompetent exploitation - thrash , so it was an " aahhh " for me .
the film " 52 pick up " simply does not work .
see it if you are at all interested in elmore leonard or john frankenheimer , or anyone in the terrific cast , especially john glover who 's admittedly brilliant .
but the book -- a slow - burning , noir thriller with lots of pulp -- should have translated into an oscar - contending film instead of this dud that could n't figure out whether it should faithfully portray the hard - boiled , gritty crime story of the book , or opt for a 1980s schwarzenegger shoot - em - up spree .
shifting the scene from the original locale in the book , detroit ( an area where leonard has resided for years and knows very well ) , to los angeles makes for a substantial problem that leonard tries to fix in his script , but ultimately ca n't .
it was , for example , a clever device making mitchell 's wife a city councilwoman
( she had no job in the book ) , if you think about it : that 's the only way you could ever plausibly blackmail someone in a sex - crazed city like 1980s los angeles for adultery , or any type of potential sex scandal .
even then , it 's more plausible in a more conservative eastern state like michigan to believe that a ) its tiny porno " industry " is a sleazy , money - grubbing hell where three losers could desperately set up a not - so - stupid upper - middle - class fellow going through a mid - life crisis , and b ) adultery alone might be something you could blackmail someone with , if their upstanding careers and old - fashioned wives could n't handle the shock .
as consultant ron jeremy will tell you , 1980s los angeles was a colorful , stylish porno mecca , more like the movie " boogie nights " than leonard 's dark , shadowy world of hijacked tourist buses , grimy apartments , and drug deals in depressed urban squalor .
then again , los angeles could be the backdrop of such a tale if one arranged the scenery more carefully -- there are still plenty of dark crannies and psychopaths there .
unfortunately , roy scheider 's harry mitchell comes off in the film as a sexy , handsome uebermensch dancing through his problems without even working up a sweat .
in the book he was fending off a jerk union official while struggling with a business that was failing .
he also had a skeleton in the closet during the war involving friendly fire that he was responsible for , but never appeared to come to grips with .
elmore leonard 's stories usually have a central image involving a bizarre civility between criminal and law - abiding citizen .
here , harry mitchell sitting in his office with his blackmailer , alan raimy , turning over his financial books to him and negotiating a more practical ransom , makes for such a central image .
glover 's blackmailer plays the scene with convincing intelligence , but scheider portrays the victim here as a cocky " good guy , " in charge of the situation as if he were more a rambo with an m-16
than the everyman barely staying afloat as his world crumbles around him .
pick up " ends with one of the worst throwaway conclusions ever , considering all the thought that went into the original story and then the film .
trapping raimy inside mitchell 's jaguar and blowing him up with marching band music blasting out along with a sadistic monologue by mitchell , plays to an audience wanting the " sweet revenge " conclusion of a chuck norris movie , not the intelligent balanced world of leonard 's book , where mitchell barely escapes in the end and the conflict between good and evil could easily go either way .
i left the theater shaking my head and depressed .
what a waste of talent .
bottom of the barrel , unimaginative , and practically unwatchable remake of the road warrior .
this film follows the exact plot as the filipino film stryker and is worse by far !
bad acting , dialog , effects , dubbing , pacing , action sequences ...
the list goes on and on .
italy made literally dozens of road warrior rip - offs in the early 80 's , some good , some bad .
this is the worst by far , no contest .
not only was the mood of the film completely bleak and miserable , the experience of sitting through this one is a bore and a half .
there was 1 ( one ) good chase sequence towards the beginning of the movie , and a cool shot of a man holding a hand grenade exploding .
but everything else about this movie seriously reeks !
for actual post - nuke fun , go track down a copy of endgame , after the fall of new york , or escape from the bronx instead .
they 're much more enjoyable than this rubbish .
the order starts in rome where the head of a special order of priests who deal in ghosts & demons named brother dominic ( francesco carnelutti ) is found dead , cut to new york city where one of his order alex bernier ( heath ledger ) is contacted by top - brass cardinal driscoll ( peter weller ) who ask 's him to investigate the mysterious circumstances surrounding dominic 's death .
along with his girlfriend mara willims ( shannyn sossamon ) & fellow priest thomas garrett
( mark addy ) alex travels to italy to delve into his mentor 's death , as the truth begins to emerge
it appears that dominic was a ' sin eater ' someone who absorbed other 's sins & lived with the burden of them
so they could die peacefully & that the church was n't happy about his activities .
alex must do what 's right even if it goes against what he believes ...
also know under the title
the sin eater this american german co - production was written , produced & directed by bian helgeland & did n't really do that much for me
if i 'm honest & i usually am , honest that is .
anyway lets start with the mess of a script that has some ok ideas
but it 's throughly predictable , excruciatingly dull & boring , really silly at times
& it takes itself far too seriously .
the whole concept is daft & while it thinks it 's clever with
oh so neat twist ending that ties everything up & brings the story full circle
i thought it was the most obvious & lazy way to end things .
there 's the usual religious themes here , morality , sin , forgiveness , faith , belief , prophecy 's , blah , blah , blah you know the sort of thing .
then there 's the twists which are n't hard to see coming , there 's the abuse of power by high ranking clergymen , corruption , greed , evil , etc .
you know the sort of clichéd hollywood ideals & themes that get reused every time it deals with the church .
the order has nothing new to say & as a serious piece of film - making it sucks , a lot .
i 'm not too sure who the order is meant to appeal to , as a die - hard horror fan i did n't see much horror in this at all , as a thriller
it 's less than thrilling , as a mystery
it 's too predictable
& there 's nothing here to really grip or maintain ones interest & for some reason
i can not figure out the imdb also lists the order as an action film which is absurd as it 's as exciting & action - packed as the average episode of sesame street ( 1969 - present ) , harsh maybe
but it 's what i think ...
director helgeland does an ok job , the film seems to have a very soft lighting scheme & it all looks a bit drab , grayish & dull .
for a supposed horror film the order is very light on scares or horror elements , in fact there are n't any of either apart from two evil kids who can turn into a flock of birds for no apparent reason , do n't ask .
forget about any gore or violence as there is n't any which is fine
but it would have helped at least make the order somewhat watchable .
according the imdb 's ' trivia ' section the release date of the order was put back so some of the special effects could be improved
because they looked unintentionally funny , all i can say is judging by the finished film the effects must have been really bad to start with because they are n't exactly brilliant as it stands now .
i was amazed to see the order had a budget of about $ 28,000,000 which is a hell of a lot of money
& i just ca n't see where it all went apart from the sets & production design which are good .
the whole film looks & feels very average & utterly forgettable .
the acting is ok although the annoying fat guy who seems to be some sort of foul - mouthed comic relief irritates , a good actor such as peter weller deserves better than this .
the order , i prefer the title
the sin eater actually not that it matters too much , misses all of it 's intended targets by the proverbial mile as far as i 'm concerned & is a pretty dull way to waste 100 odd minutes of your life so do n't do it !
not recommended .
first a technical review .
the script is so slow , it is really a 25 minute story blown up to 1 hour 40 min .
the dialogue is so flat and truly one - dimensional .
the " acting " is pathetic , they seem to really have lifted schoolchildren out of class to read a few lines from an idiot board .
as for the whole " point " of the story , namely " war is bad " ( oh , there 's a shock ! )
is really non - existent .
without out the " lets shock 'em and get great publicity " scene nobody would be talking about this film .
it is so bad it actually bothers me to think what better things the money used this could have gone on .
believe me i 've seen some bad " emperor 's new clothes " films but the one thing i can say for them
at least they were well shot and well made while the camera wobbled during two scenes in this !
read all the other reviews - avoid at all costs and do n't talk about it .
back in the 70 's , when i had first seen this , i was in high school .
it was cool then .
now as an adult i look back at it
and i say to myself ..
right .
what was so funny ?
it has it 's moments
but they are few and far between .
it is so dated that the jokes no longer stand up .
show this to a younger crowd and they will be totally lost .
if you like this type of humor you may want to stick with kentucky fried movie or amazon women from the moon .
tunnel vision as well as groove tube are too dated for today 's viewing .
this adaptation , like 1949 's * the heiress * , is based on the henry james novel .
* the heiress * , starring olivia de havilland , remains as a well - respected piece of work , though less true to james ' original story than this new remake , which retains james ' original title .
it is the story of a awkward , yet loving daughter ( leigh ) , devoted to her father ( finney ) after her mother dies during childbirth .
the arrogant father holds his daughter in no esteem whatsoever , and considers her , as well as all women , simpleminded .
when a young man ( chaplin ) of good family and little fortune comes courting , the father is naturally suspicious , but feeling so sure that his daughter could hold no interest for any man , is convinced that the young man is a fortune hunter and forbids her to see him .
leigh is a controversial actress  most either love her or hate her 
and she always has a particular edginess and tenseness to her style , like she 's acting through gritted teeth .
she 's not bad in this , and she handles her role relatively deftly
it 's just an awkward role for any actress , making the audience want to grab the character by her shoulders and shake her until she comes to her senses .
while the character garners a lot of sympathy , she 's not particularly likable .
the very handsome and immensely appealing ben chaplin ( previously seen in
* the truth about cats and dogs * ) plays his role with the exact amount of mystery required to keep the audience guessing whether he is after her fortune , or is really in love with her .
maggie smith is one of the finest actresses alive and raises the level of the movie considerably with her portrayal of the well - meaning aunt .
finney is marvelous , of course , as the father who threatens to disinherit his daughter for her disobedience , but the daughter is willing to risk that for the man she loves .
but does her ardent suitor still want her without her fortune ?
this is only one instance where * washington square * differs from * the heiress * .
another instance is the ability to stick with it .
it is a handsome movie that is as tedious as a dripping faucet , offering too little story in too long of a movie .
i am a big fan of fred macmurray and carole lombard .
and , in addition to them , charles butterworth ( a very enjoyable supporting actor ) was in this film, ...
so why did n't i particularly enjoy it ? !
well , despite a good cast , this is one of the poorest written and most clichéd
" a pictures " i have ever seen .
given the talent and money spent to make this film , it is shocking how slip - shod the writing was .
i knew the film would be tedious when time after time early in the film i found myself predicting exactly what would happen next -- and i was always right !
and this is n't because i am some sort of " movie savant " , but was because almost no imagination or effort went into it .
in fact , it seemed almost as if the film was just a long string of clichés all strung together !
also , i found it a bit irritating that fred mistreated carole so bad throughout the film and yet , true to convention , she came running to him in the end .
uggh !
there is more suspense in a lassie film ( " will he bring people to rescue timmy or will the rope he is dangling from break?").despite the very , very tired and clichéd script , there were a few positives about the film .
it was pretty cool seeing
fred look like a broken lush at the end of the film -- it was pretty believable and he looked like he had n't eaten , shaved or slept in days .
also , charles butterworth 's " prattle " did provide a few mildly humorous moments .
but all this just was n't enough to make this film look any different than a " b movie " .
it 's a shame, ...
it could have been so much better .
the christmas secret was touted as a wonderful film , but i was truly disappointed .
they even sold vhs and dvd copies of the film when it was over , which leads me to think the producers were really proud of this project .
as a screen actor myself i felt most of the performances were phoned in , although beau bridges , as nick , did have a moment or two .
if i were richard thomas i would not put this film on my otherwise fine resume .
it was an embarrassment .
i had been a fan since his waltons days , but have found myself untempted to watch any of his subsequent work , so poor was this offering .
in defence of the actors , the directing was stilted , mechanical , and thoroughly amateurish .
i hope this is not considered a spiteful review and negative assumptions made about my qualifications as a critic .
i turned the movie on because it had a good cast
and i was prepared to enjoy the film .
however i would challenge any one out there to watch this film and not wish for their money back , even though it was on t.v.
horror movies can be a lot of fun with low budgets , bad acting , and a bit of panache .
i think the film is just missing panache , because , one thuddingly dull scene after another , people make laughably harmless claw - handed grabs at the air .
if it were n't so boring , it might be funny .
a horror film can go a long way with a tired concept like " college kids in a haunted house , " in much the same way the evil dead movies had a lot of fun with a similar standard plotline .
hallow 's end , unfortunately , does n't go a long way .
actually , it does n't go anywhere .
it spends the better part of an hour setting up faceless and anonymous characters with what seem like endless interpersonal drama .
i have nothing against character development , not even in a horror movie , but these are strictly one - dimensional characters ( the alpha - male , the milquetoast , the ... um ... throwaway characters that exist mostly for sex scenes . )
spending forty - plus bloodless , droning minutes with them was more horrific than when the bloodshed started .
well , implied bloodshed anyway .
when the college kids turn into whatever they dressed as for their haunted house ( one 's a vampire , one 's wearing o.r. scrubs and some white pancake )
they look pretty much the way they did in their amateur haunted house costumes ; the dead hate the living , using a similar theme , is a masterwork in comparison .
there is n't really any gore to speak of , nor are there any real scares .
i've thought about this one from almost every approach .
if it was supposed to be a tight , suspenseful horror movie ( which would explain why things moved so slowly ) , the pathetic sex scenes and cheap monsters would invalidate it .
if it was supposed to be a genuine blood & guts horror movie ( which would explain the schlock ) ...
where 's the blood and guts ?
and the anticlimax is one of the unexciting endings to a movie i 've ever seen .
it 's the kind of movie that , though it does n't have a narrator through the film , is bookended by voice - overs because all of the meaningless dialogue just was n't enough .
this was a hard one ... coming out of it , i wonder if i 've just sat through a christian horror film .
maybe the " i know hell exists " of the opening was n't meant that way , but there are some hints ( or misdirection--
i 'm not sure which ) .
for all the profanity in the film , a line like " gosh - darnit " comes off a little absurd , and so does most of the crucifix worshipping , god - fearing , and satan - dreading , especially after some lecherous t&a sex scenes ( one heterosexual , one lesbian).if it
a christian company ( highland myst 's logo even has a bit of a crucifix resemblance )
, then this film weighs in heavily for the atheist camp .
an omnipotent being ca n't be this bad a filmmaker .
i first saw the live musical at the denver center for the performing arts and it was absolutely mind - blowing , stunning and had such fantastic continuity of plot and dialogue that i liked it much more than most musicals that i have seen on the stage .
the interesting thing is that you never got to see zach 's face .
he was always in the dark but his presence was powerful and guided the direction of entire production .
i heard they were making a movie from it , i waited with bated breath , but when i watched the movie version i was so bummed - out disappointed that i felt i was cheated .
the movie lacks the captivating mood set in the live production and it never allows you to be completely in close touch with every character .
personally , i would like to see the live version again and if that should ever be revived , i would wholeheartedly recommend that you go out of your way to see it .
it will be one of the most memorable experiences you will enjoy .
blank check is easily one of the worst films of the nineties .
the plot is completely pointless ; its overtones of lonliness are pathetic .
do you really believe a twelve year old acting as a personal assistant for a millionaire could accomplish everything in this film , like buying a mansion for a mere $ 300 grand .
the notion , let alone the bargain - basement price , will only be believed by the most gullible viewers .
please , respect your intelligence and do n't watch this awful , awful film .
do not watch this sad excuse for a film .
i have wasted time and money on this and am pretty p**sed off about it .
the acting is comparable with high school plays .
the script is shocking .
there is no plot .
twenty minutes from the end ( which i believe i should be rewarded for reaching ) i had a headache from all the screaming , crying and wailing the five girls make .
the majority of the violence is ( rare for a film nowadays ) suggested rather than graphically depicted
but i found the characters so damn irritating that i wanted to see them , and indeed every single person involved in the making of this piece of s**t , die in the most horrible ways possible .
i spend ten more minutes of my life saving you from a very poor 100 minutes of yours .
do n't do it .
the worst kind of film .
basically , the us declaration of independence was replaced with a plasma screen and this fooled the museum 's security for several days .
eh?the plasma screen that would theoretically run for less than 2 seconds off that watch battery , assuming it had a low enough internal resistance to deliver the required current , which it wouldn't .
it would be possible with a dozen large car batteries and an inverter , but that system would n't fit into the case .
sorry to be anal , but this is n't even close to being plausible .
the rest of the film was n't a great deal better and i 'm left wondering why the budget could n't have been donated to charity or me .
two days after seeing this thing , i 'm still in agony over having seen it .
it 's so bad , you have to wonder how anyone could write this tripe , much less allow it to be loose on the general public .
stilted acting , a leading man who looks like he 's sleepwalking , and alison eastwood embarrassing herself .
the action is indicative of low budget movie making , which means it is painfully bad .
the plot ?
well , if you were 6 years old , then you could have written this movie .
simplistic , idealistic , and just plain lame .
it seems a shame that greta garbo ended her illustrious career at the age of 36 with this ridiculous mistaken - identity marital romp .
coming off the success of her first romantic comedy , ernst lubitsch 's masterful " ninotchka " ( 1939 ) , where she was ideally cast as an austere russian envoy , garbo is reunited with her leading man melvyn douglas for a sitcom - level story that has her playing karin borg , a plain - jane ski instructor who impulsively marries publishing executive larry blake when he becomes smitten with her .
once he makes clear that work is his priority , karin inadvertently decides to masquerade as her high - living twin sister katherine to test her husband 's fidelity when he is back in manhattan .
it 's surprising that this infamous 1941 misfire was directed by george cukor , who led garbo to her greatest dramatic performance in 1937 's " camille " , because this is as unflattering a vehicle as one could imagine for the screen legend .
only someone with carole lombard 's natural sense of ease and mischief could have gotten away with the shenanigans presented in the by - the - numbers script by s.n. behrman , salka viertel and george oppenheimer .
mgm 's intent behind this comedy was to contemporize and americanize garbo 's image for wartime audiences whom the studio heads felt were not interested in the tragic period characters she favored in the thirties .
however , garbo appears ill - at - ease mostly as the bogus party girl katherine and especially compared to expert farceurs like douglas and constance bennett as romantic rival griselda .
photographed unflatteringly by joseph ruttenberg , garbo looks tired in many scenes and downright hideous in her teased hairdo for the " chica - choca " dance sequence .
the story ends conventionally but with the addition of a lengthy physical sequence where larry tries to maneuver his skis on a series of mountain cliffs that unfortunately reminds me of sonny bono 's death .
roland young and ruth gordon ( in a rare appearance at this point of her career ) show up in comic supporting roles as douglas ' associates .
this movie is not yet on dvd , and i would n't consider it priority for transfer as it represents a curio in garbo 's otherwise legendary career .
she was reportedly quite unhappy during the filming .
i can see why .
these writings write about the end of the plot
so do n't read it if you have n't seen this rubbish .
i found this rubbish film in the horror section which made me think it would be a horror .
if i owned a video store i 'd put it in the boring section .
this film is so rubbish it will make you feel like you have lost your socks .
this film contains endless shots of people driving as if that was scary .
well i drive to work and back ( and sometimes to the store or to visit my cats ) almost every day and trust me it 's not scary .
it even starts with 20 minutes of some people driving .
even the little kid does it too .
round and round
he goes and he never stops .
what 's so scary about watching a little kid riding a bicycle for an hour ?
i think nothing
and if you watch it you will not think so too .
the family in the car arrive at a big castle and they are given a tour just walking around endlessly looking at kitchens .
then the man walks around a for an hour and tries to kill his family for no reason .
that 's all that happens and as you can see it 's rubbish .
lorenzo lamas stars as some type of cia agent , who captures some exotic beauty named alexa , kidnaps her daughter and forces her to fight her former employers .
o.j simpson is also on board to provide a dash of acting credibility for the not so talented ensemble .
i must admit i 'm not a fan of lorenzo lamas , or his movies .
he stinks .
however when compared to o.j simpson and lamas ' comatose wife kinmont , lamas seems like ah , jean - claude van damme .
i only saw cia because of the renewed interest around the o.j simpson trial , you see because if your parents had cable and the extra channels , you could n't escape this movie .
in 1994 you could go to an amish community and some moron would have this playing in their portable tv .
the movie itself is a collection of lame action sequences and would be intrigue although the shock value of o.j simpson jumping after fireballs and exchanging would be one liners do provide some unintentional humor .
also where was bobby knight and kobe bryant to make this a complete camp classic ?
* out of 4-(bad )
the good earth follows the life a slave girl and a poor farmer in china .
the movie is based on the novel by pearl s. buck .
the story is great , but i hated that they decided to cast anglos in the lead roles .
walter connolly is laughable as the farmer 's father .
he has such a heavy american accent , as do most of the lead actors , that i could not bear listening to him speak .
it is a shame that hollywood could not get past their racist beliefs to cast asians in the lead roles .
to take anglos and make them look like chinese is akin to anglos putting shoe polish on their faces to play african - americans .
me neither , but this flick is unfortunately one of those movies that are too bad to be good and too good to be awful , which makes it utterly pointless and a total waste of time .
there 's nothing more uninteresting than a mediocre movie , and my name is modesty :
whatever the subtitle is takes mediocrity to a new level .
it 's full of b - actors but is n't any fun whatsoever because it takes itself seriously .
it sets itself up as a thriller but then turns into some kind of growing - up drama , flashback style .
the beautiful alexandra staden , smothered beyond recognition under makeup , more resembles a cast member from top model than modesty blaise .
i 'm not one of those die - hard comic book freaks who wants every adaptation of his precious " graphic novels " to be pitch - perfect - in fact
i 've never even read modesty blaise - all i wanted was a decent movie to watch .
but this was n't it .
the film feels half - finished , with a weak and very unexciting conclusion to a rather weak plot .
it also takes its audience for idiots , explaining every tiny detail of the plot to us and showing flashbacks of things that happened three scenes ago ( i guess they think we all have alzheimers).now i love a good b - movie
- what 's better than just turning your brain off and swallowing the cinematic equivalent of a calzone ?
- and " modesty " is directed by none other than scott spiegel , who brought us the wonderful splatter crap flick from dusk till dawn 2 : texas blood money !
i loved from dusk till dawn 2 because it brought everything a bad b - movie should bring to the table - nudity , gore , guns , you name it . "
modesty " is just dull .
the flashback concerning modesty 's life is n't interesting .
the acting is n't bad enough to be laughed at .
in fact , i kinda liked nikolaj coaster - waldau 's ( hey buddy , pseudonyms are your friends ! )
performance as the baddie .
so overall it 's just lame .
weak .
uninspired .
call it what you will .
do n't watch anything because tarantino presents it , people .
this is just a very forgettable , half - hearted thriller , and it never tries to be more than that .
allow me to round off this review with a very lame pun ( seriously , even i 'm cringing ) :
my name is modesty :
a modesty waste of time - 4/10
the reason this is such a bad movie is because it is so very badly written , and this is entirely the fault of the hack novelist robert james waller , also author of bridges of madison county .
the writing is bad because the plot is perfectly trite and the dialogue is wooden and implausible .
a failing couplea blocked american writer and a pretty mexican woman with a history of which she is ashamedare swept up by a strong , self - directed criminal , and after a few adventures ( mostly terrifically violent ) alternating with scenes that show the warmer side of the assassin , she leaves the impotent partner for the killer , who , bad as he is , sees her more clearly than anyone has before .
nothing can help this movie succeed , not even the seamed face of scott glenn as the killer , not the appealing latinity of giovanna zacarías as luz , and not even the stalwart performance of harvey keitel as the cia specialist assigned to track the killer down .
a serious waste of time .
i watched this movie when joe bob briggs hosted monstervision on tnt .
even he could n't make this movie enjoyable .
the only reason i watched it until the end is because i teach video production
and i wanted to make sure my students never made anything this bad ...
but it took all my intestinal fortitude to sit through it though .
it 's like watching your great grandmother flirting with a 15 year old boy ... excruciatingly painful .
if you took the actual film , dipped it in paint thinner , then watched it
, it would be more entertaining .
seriously .
if you see this movie in the bargin bin at s - mart , back away from it as if it were a rattlesnake .
this film was on late at night when i saw it .
it was interesting at start but it did n't convince me as a whole .
i am no tyson fan .
in fact i do n't like boxing at all .
it 's barbaric , obscene and double faced ( by society ) that some get money for beating each other up .
nevertheless , i felt the start of the film was ok .
actors alright , especially george c. scott ( as cus d'amato ) .
i do n't know how reliable the flick is .
i have n't read books and books about boxing or tyson .
i do n't know anything about the man , but it was quite entertaining .
as the movie went on i felt it lost a little of it 's charm
and i also lost interest .
i managed to stay awake though but the last hour was just not good enough .
i do agree that though this story by melville just might be unfilmable , this is n't even a credible try .
to move the story into the 20th century just outrages the original story 's intent and nature ; possibly you might have been able to move it over to england , but it must be a period piece .
even our story narrator -- the proprietor -- tells it in a flashback , going back even further , somewhere around 1800 .
towards the end of the 19th century , a strangely disobedient worker would be discarded without a thought .
and the 20th century ?
come on !
give me an expletive deleted break ! ! !
even around 1800 , such behavior did n't work very well , in view of the ending .
and the movie 's ending ?
i do n't know what it was , because i did n't watch the entire travesty
-- i had to stop .
this was like setting " streetcar named desire " in elizabethan england .
somebody owes ang lee an apology .
actually , a lot of people do .
and i 'll start .
i was never interested in the ang lee film hulk , because of the near unanimous bad reviews .
even the premium cable channels seemed to rarely show it .
i finally decided to watch it yesterday on usa network and , wow ....
spoilers for ang lee 's hulk and
the incredible hulk was it boring !
i almost did n't make it through ang lee 's hulk .
eric bana was expressionless , nick nolte was horrible , sam elliott was unlikeable ( and that 's no fun
, he 's usually a cool character ) .
in fact , i honestly think they chose eric bana because his non - descript face was the easiest to mimic with computer graphics - and it was clear that the ang lee hulk was meant to facially resemble bruce banner in his non - angry state .
when hulk fought a mutant poodle i was ready to concede hulk as the worst superhero movie ever .
but then something happened .
about 3/4 of the way through this tedious movie , there was a genuinely exciting and - dare
i say it - reasonably convincing - extended action scene that starts with hulk breaking out of a containment chamber in a military base , fighting m1 tanks and comanche helicopters in the desert , then riding an f22 raptor into the stratosphere , only to be captured on the streets of san francisco .
this was one of the best action sequences ever made for a superhero movie .
and i have to say , the cgi was quite good .
that 's not to say that the hulk was totally convincing .
but it did n't require much more suspension of disbelief than is required in a lot of non - superhero action movies .
and that 's quite a feat .
of course , the ending got really stupid with bruce banner 's father turning into some sort of shape - shifting villain but the earlier long action sequence put any of iron man 's brief heroics to shame .
and overall , apart from the animated mutant dogs , it really did seem like the cgi in hulk tried hard to convince you that he was real and really interacting with his environment .
it was certainly better than i expected .
ok , but what about the incredible hulk ?
what ...
it 's boring too !
it has just a few appearances by the hulk and here 's the thing -
the cgi in this movie is horrible .
maybe the hulk in ang lee 's version looked fake at times and cartoonish at others - but it had its convincing moments also .
the incredible hulk looked positively ridiculous .
it had skin tone and muscle tone that did n't even look like a living creature , just some sort of computer - generated texture .
it was really preposterous .
the lighting , environment and facial effects did n't look 5 years newer than ang lee 's , they looked 10 years older .
and there really is no excuse for that .
we truly are living in an era where computer programmers can ruin a movie just as thoroughly as any director , actor or cinematographer ever could .
worse , the writer and director of this movie seemed to learn almost nothing from ang lee 's " failure " .
all the same mistakes are made .
bruce banner is practically emotionless .
the general is so relentlessly , implausibly one - dimensional that he seems faker than the hulk .
the love interest is unconvincing ( i have to give liv tyler credit for being more emotional than jennifer connelly , though both are quite easy on the eyes ) .
tim blake nelson overacts almost as much as nick nolte , even though he 's only in the movie for a few minutes .
the hulk really does n't do much in this movie , certainly not any more than in ang lee 's version .
the incredible hulk was slightly more fast - paced , but since nothing really happened anyway that 's not worth much .
oh yeah , the villain is every bit as phony looking as the hulk .
he 's actually much more interesting as a human than as a monster .
this is how i can definitively say ang lee 's version was better : if i ever have the chance to see ang lee 's version again , i might be able to sit through it to see the good action sequences , or else to try to appreciate the dialogue a little more ( more likely i 'd just fast forward to the good parts ) .
but there is absolutely not a single scene in the incredible hulk that is worth seeing once , let alone twice .
it is truly at the bottom of the heap of superhero movies .
the cartoonish cgi is an insult to the audience - at least in ang lee 's version
it seems like they were trying to make it realistic ( except for the giant poodle , of course).it
is absolutely mind - boggling how the filmmakers intended to erase the bad feelings associated with ang lee 's hulk by making almost exactly the same movie .
it is to edward norton 's credit that he seems to be distancing himself from this film .
i could not , for the life of me , follow , figure out or understand the story .
as the plot advances it too stays incomprehensible .
i 'm going to guess and say that there was a preproduction story / plot problem that never got sorted out .
the producers could never separate the many details that the novel , or any novel , has the time and space to create from the other idea , which was to make a movie about a serial killer and the killer 's pursuit by the police .
they ended up with too many things happening in a proscribed feature film time limit .
too bad really because they had a solid cast , a director who knows how to move things around and excellent cinematography .
in fact , a well made movie that one could enjoy and relax with for a couple of hours .
i really wanted to like this , but in the end it 's a poorly made film with too few laughs .
the politics are spot on , it 's gon na offend the hell out of republicans
but that 's what it 's designed to do .
that alone gives me reason to chuckle .
the problem is , it looks like it was made in a real hurry ( like about a week ) .
and it contains a stupid subplot about some bimbo singer , which seems to be completely off topic .
turiqistan is obviously iraq , or afghanistan , or any other number of countries the us has f**ked with since the 50s .
the humour is a little dark ( amputees dancing with prosthetic legs made by tamerlane corporation ) but it is on the mark , especially with the corporations cashing in on the reconstruction ( " democracy lite " ! )
however like a lot of satire criticising the us , it seems terribly heavy handed and laboured .
i guess it 's running counter to so much bs propaganda
so it has to bludgeon people over the head to make a point .
who knows .
i prefer more of a nudge , wink approach - a bit of subtlety .
but that 's just me .
anyway i might watch it again , perhaps i missed something .
i'm hoping " w " is more on the mark .
first , let 's get it out of the way .
yeah , this film steals a lot from ' darkness falls ' ( 2003 ) .
the plot for ' darkness falls ' goes something like this : the tooth fairy , a murderous woman who hides her face due to disfigurement kills people who look at her out of revenge .
in ' the tooth fairy ' ( 2006 ) , the disfigured tooth fairy ( who , yeah , hides her face ) unleashes her furious vengeance on just about anyone .
a little too similar to be coincidence .
but , what must be asked is this : if you 're going to directly steal the exact plot from a movie , why choose something as mediocre as ' darkness falls ' ?
sure it made a few bucks at the box office , but that was strictly for the fairly okay theatrical experience the film delivered .
a low - budget , straight - to - video movie will not have that same effect .
and it didn't .
as i watched the opening 15 - 20 minutes of the film , my expectations actually rose .
there seemed to be at least some production value .
the story did n't seem terrible , just blatantly ripped off .
past the first scene , we get an okay cast of characters including an ex - doctor with secrets ( played by that guy who looks like a busey ) and some hot veterinary student ( jenifer from argento 's ' masters of horror : jenifer ' ) .
after those few minutes , however , the film just slowly goes down the drain .
it serves all the basic horrible clichés including , but not limited to : some crazy old person with an unheeded warning , the buff dumb jock , the psychic , and the stripper with the heart - of - gold .
one of the biggest problems this film had was its inability to stick with a target audience .
it 's kind of like the filmmakers wanted to change the tone for whatever character was on screen at the time .
when the adults were on screen , it had a more mature feel .
when star ( the stripper ) and whatshisface ( the jock ) were on screen , the dialogue went down to a more stupid , err immature , level .
when the kid was on screen , it felt like an episode of ' are you afraid of the dark ? ' .
only less scary .
technically , the film is all over the place .
the visuals range from fairly good to plain boring .
the writing is subpar , as is the acting for the most part .
on the plus side , there 's some excessive gore at parts ( including a fairly cool ( yet painfully predictable ) ) woodchipper scene and a pretty vicious nailgun scene .
also , if you 're looking for a bit of the sexy stuff , there 's a brief topless scene ( but if you want to see this chick topless , there are better films to do that ) .
other than that , there 's not much to bother with when it comes to this film .
if you 're a huge fan of ' darkness falls ' ( do those exist ? )
, maybe you can check it out to see the story done in a different way .
but , that 's about the only reason i can find to see this one .
final verdict : 3/10 -ap3-
i read the reviews of this movie , and they were generally pretty good
so i thought i should see it .
i 'm a big francophile and art film lover , but i believe this is yet another case in which the critics make something " arty " or " intellectual " into something it is not .
i will be blunt : it contains scenes of sexual perverseness that i never , ever wanted to actually see .
obviously , the piano teacher has some major psychological issues , but i really did not want to see them displayed so graphically .
the film is , in essence , disgusting .
i mean , when i saw requiem for a dream , i was repulsed by the last sort of scene with jennifer connelly , but that was not anywhere near the sort of disgust and repulsion
i felt during this film .
if you 've ever seen an eighties slasher , there is n't much reason to see this one .
originality often is n't one of slasher cinema 's strongpoints , and it 's something that this film is seriously lacking in .
there really is n't much that can said about pranks , so i 'll make this quick .
the film was one of the 74 films included on the dpp video nasty list , and that was my only reason for seeing it .
the plot follows a bunch of kids that stay behind in a dorm at christmas time .
as they 're in a slasher , someone decides to start picking them off and this leads to one of the dullest mysteries ever seen in a slasher movie .
the fact that this movie was on the video nasty list is bizarre because , despite a few gory scenes , this film is hardly going to corrupt or deprave anyone , and gorier slashers than this ( friday the 13th , for example ) did n't end up banned .
but then again , there 's banned films that are much less gory than this one ( the witch who came from the sea , for example ) .
anyway , the conclusion of the movie is the best thing about it , as although the audience really could n't care less who the assailant is by this point ; it is rather well done .
on the whole , this is a dreary and dismal slasher that even slasher fans will do well to miss .
recently , i saw the documentary " the revolution will not be televised " , also know as " chávez : inside the coup " .
at first i thought it showed a genuine inside view of events during the venezuela coup of april 2002 .
what bothered me though was the fact that the tone of the narration and the accompanying music were suggestive , and that at no point any criticism was expressed about hugo chávez .
this is peculiar because if a documentary is giving an non - biased account of what happened , there should have been some of that too .
after all , chávez certainly is not a saint .
fortunately , since the documentary is several years old , a lot of additional information is available on the internet nowadays , and it was not difficult to find for instance " urgent investigation about chavez -
the coup by the 5 european tv corporations who financed the film which presents blatant falsehoods about venezuela .
" it lists the many errors and intended or unintended falsifications in the documentary .
( just use the title as a search string in google , you will find it ) .
another interesting document was the video registration of a presentation of the findings of the many errors in this documentary , " x - ray of a lie " .
to me it seems to be a good counterweight to " chávez :
inside the coup
" it 's available at video.google .
i strongly advice you after watching " chávez : inside the coup " to look at " x - ray of a lie " and then form your opinion .
my conclusion is that kim bartley and donnacha o'brian were ( knowingly or not ) part in chávez - propaganda .
i first saw this when it was picked as a suggestion from my tivo system .
i like danny elfman and thought it might be interesting .
on top of that , i 'm a fan of max fleischer 's work , and this started out with the look and feel of his 30s cartoon .
with both of those , i thought it would hold my interest .
i was wrong .
just a few minutes in ,
and i had the fast forward button down .
i ran through it in about 15 minutes , and thought that was it .
afterwards , i read some of the other reviews here and figured i did n't give it enough of a chance .
i recorded it again and watched it through .
there 's 75 minutes of my life i 'm not getting back .
i ca n't believe there are n't more bad reviews .
personally , i think it 's because it 's hard to get to the 10 line comment minimum .
how many ways are there to say this is a waste of time?the movie comes across as though it was made by a few junior high kids ready to outrage the world and thinking they can with breasts , profanity , and puke jokes .
the characters are flat .
the parody of " swinging the alphabet " is lame , essentially cobbling the tune , getting through a - e , hitting the obvious profanity a " f " , and then having no idea where to go .
the trip through the intestines to the expected landing does n't work the first time , let alone the following ones .
across the board , the entire movie is what you would expect from someone trying to " out - south park " stone and parker without the ability to determine what is and is n't funny .
this might be amusing if you 're high .
otherwise , it 's not .
just when i thought i would finish a whole year without giving a single movie a " bomb " rating , a friend brought this notorious turd to my house last night .
i feared the worst knowing its reputation , and it was as god - awful as i 'd anticipated .
this is a mexican - made mess , dubbed into english , and produced by k. gordon murray .
it 's got terrible sets and effects , and features a rather frightening santa who does n't operate at the north pole , but instead from a cloud in outer space , and who does n't have little elves helping him make his toys but rather all different groups of children from practically every country there is .
the opening sequence , where st. nick chuckles heartily as he observes monitors showing all these kiddies working hard while singing terrible holiday songs in a variety of languages , seems to go on forever , and with no story .
obviously , this santa claus does n't observe the child labor laws!eventually
we get some nasty and slinky red - suited apprentice of the devil himself traveling from hell to earth , just to make little kids naughty and turn santa 's christmas eve rounds into a nightmare .
watching this movie is a trippy and twisted experience , and it 's bound to frighten little children and turn them off santa claus and the holidays forever .
oddly , the name of jesus christ is mentioned often in this christmas film , which somehow makes it all the creepier in the context of all the bizarre things that are going on .
this easily makes my personal list of the " worst movie i 've ever seen " , but i 'm sure that 's nothing unique .
i 'm afraid that i have to disagree with the majority .
i found spike lee 's latest a wee bit boring !
although he was trying something different , i.e. not just documenting the rise and fall of the serial killer , i do n't think it worked too well .
there 's really a bit too much going on - vinny
( john leguizamo ) and dionna 's ( mira sorvino ) relationship , ritchie 's ( adrien brody ) lifestyle and then the local mafia types .
the story is good , but at the end that s all you have - 2 or 3 stories .
with such a provocative killer could mr lee not have put more into that side of the film ?
there are some good points though .
all scenes with the ' son of sam ' killer david berkowitz look very nice ( colour saturation etc
... )and the acting is pretty good throughout .
overall i felt that the different stories would of worked well on their own or else without the killings .
it just was n't strong enough in the end .
this is exactly the sort of saturday matinee serial i loved during world war ii .
i was under ten years of age .
and that 's the audience this serial is designed for .
looking at it now , one must roar at its ineptitude and stupidity .
the budget must have been next to nothing , given the shortcuts and repeats .
the acting ?
well , this is republic pictures , 1944 .
they read the lines .... and no doubt had one take to make them convincing .
one and half stars .
lynn hollister , a small - town lawyer , travels to the nearby big city on business connected with the death of his friend johnny .
( yes , lynn is a man despite the feminine - sounding christian name .
were the scriptwriters trying to make a snide reference to the fact that john wayne 's birth name was " marion " ? )
hollister at first believes johnny 's death to have been an accident , but soon realises that johnny was murdered .
further investigations reveal a web of corruption , criminality and election rigging connected to boss cameron , the leading light in city 's political machine .
that sounds like the plot of a gritty crime thriller , possibly made in the film noir style which was starting to become popular in 1941 .
it is n't . "
a man betrayed " , despite its theme , is more like a light romantic comedy than a crime drama .
hollister falls in love with cameron 's attractive daughter sabra , and the film then concentrates as much on their resulting romance as on the suspense elements .
this film might just have worked if it had been made as a straightforward serious drama .
one reviewer states that john wayne is not at all believable as a lawyer , but he could n't play a cowboy in every movie , and a tough crusading lawyer taking on the forces of organised crime would probably have been well within his compass .
where i do agree with that reviewer is when he says that wayne was no cary grant impersonator .
romantic comedy just was n't up his street .
one of the weaknesses of the studio system is that actors could be required to play any part their bosses demanded of them , regardless of whether it was up their street or not , and as wayne was one of the few major stars working for republic pictures they doubtless wanted to get as much mileage out of him as they could .
that said , not even cary grant himself could have made " a man betrayed " work as a comedy .
that 's not a reflection on his comic talents ; it 's a reflection on the total lack of amusing material in this film .
i doubt if anyone , no matter how well developed their sense of humour might be , could find anything to laugh at in it .
the film 's light - hearted tone does n't make it a successful comedy ; it just prevents it from being taken seriously as anything else .
this is one of those films that are neither fish nor flesh nor fowl nor good red herring .
when i read most of the other comments , i felt they were way too glowing for this movie .
i found it had completely lost the spark found in the earlier zatoichi movies and just goes to prove that after a long absence from the screen , it 's often best to just let things be .
i completely agreed with the star trek analogy from another reviewer who compared the first star trek movie to the original series --- millions of excited fans were waiting and waiting and waiting for the return of the show and were forced to watch a bland and sterile approximation of the original .
the plot is at times incomprehensible , it is terribly gory ( though the recent new zatoichi by beat takeshi is much bloodier ) and lacks the heart of the originals .
i did n't mind the blood at all , but some may be turned off by it ( particularly the scenes with the severed nose and the severed heads ) .
in addition , time has not been good to ichi -- he seems a broken and sad man in this film ( much , much more than usual)--and
that 's something fans of the series may not really want to see .
this was a very sorry return for zatoichi .
unless you are like me and want to see every zatoichi film , this one is very skipable .
see one of the earlier versions or the 2003 all - new version .
ziab la ta'kol
al lahem is an awful movie .
this is only a superposition of scenes without a clear link .
acting is also very bad , despite the presence of a good actor like ezzat el allayli .
but something is really astonishing in this movie , talking about sexuality , emancipation of women , nude scenes are very rare in arab cinema , even in this days .
i really congratulate the director and the actors for their courage .
we want to see more of this style in egyptian movies , but with better quality .
the reasons that led me to vote this film as an awful one are not only scenario and acting , but also the lack of prfessionalism .
this movie look like an amateur one .
we can see a lot of errors in the screen .
if you want a good arab movie ziab la ta'kol
al lahm is not the one recommended .
but if you wish to encourage the uncensored movies in all the arab world watch it and make your friends and your family do the same .
the incredible melting man plays like an extended episode of the six million dollar man , but with violence and some nudity .
i know this film is a bit crummy
but i found it impossible not to kind of like it .
the acting and script are not the best .
but the effects are good for a 30 year old movie with a budget of $ 50 - the title character takes quite a while to actually melt
but when he does it 's reasonably impressive ; we also have one inventive death scene involving electrocution .
of note too is the music , it 's insane - a cheese - tastic medley of nonsense .
notable highlights :
* marvel at the slow - motion nurse who jumps through a pane of glass for absolutely no reason whatsoever .
* be amazed by a day in the life of a severed head .
* beware of the psychotic cannibalistic melting humanoid .
called steve .
* be astonished when our hero takes a break from hunting the melting lunatic to have a bowl of soup and complain about insufficient crackers in the kitchen .
this film is just too 70 's for me to hate it .
it 's tacky and trashy
but i thought it was a lot of fun .
you could do a lot worse .
this is an awful film .
yea the girls are pretty but its not very good .
the plot having a cowboy get involved with an indian maiden would be interesting if the sex did n't get in the way .
well , okay it might be interesting , but its not , because its so badly paced and and only partly acted .
i can only imagine what the close ups of the dancing tushes looked like on a big screen , probably more laughable then they do on tv .
( i wo n't even mention the topless knife fight between two women who are tied together and spend the whole thing chest to chest .
never read about that in the old west )
this is a film that requires liberal use of fast forward .
i like schlock films but this is ridiculous .
there is a reason that i do n't go for this sort of films and that they tend not be very good , the plot taking a back seat to breasts .
the original nudie cuties as they are called were originally nudist films or films where there was no touching but as the adult industry began to grow the film makers either tried to be clever or tried to exploit something else in order to put butts in seats .
the clever ones were very few which only left hacks who were of limited talent .
the comedies often came off best with the humor approaching the first grade level , infantile but harmlessly fun .
something that could rarely be said about any other genre cross dressed as a nudie .
the ramrodder looks good and has a couple of nice pieces but its done in by being neither western nor sex film .
i need not watch this again .
of interest to probably no one , the rapist and killer in the film was played by bobby beausoleil , a member of the manson family who was arrested for murdering a school teacher not long after filming wrapped .
obviously these sort of things will ruin some peoples lives .
i remember watching " lost missile " ( actually throwing a fit until my brother and several cousins at whose home i was an overnight guest agreed to watch it with me - i was , from time to time , the eric cartman of the 1960s - sorry , guys ) and being somewhat embarrassed when the sustained wave of million - degree heat emerged as a plot device - even as a second - grader i knew that a mere missile just could n't carry the energy around for that much heat or devastation over more than the duration and limited radius of a nuclear detonation .
my inflicting that turkey on loving relatives was a self - punishing crime .
the film 's production values were very good .
the acting is n't bad ( apart from the shatnerism of the actor who played governor 's aide that someone else here mentioned).but the idea of a missile easy - baking
the surface of the earth by means of the heat of its exhaust ...
no . how'd the people at " mystery science theater 3000 " miss " the lost missile , " anyway ?
it 's a great classic of unintentional comedy - watch it if you want something to drink beer to some weekend .
a memorable line from a short lived show .
after viewing the episode where that line was introduced
my fraternity intramural flag football team started using the line to break our huddles on offense .
instead of ready / break , our quarter back said football and the rest of the squad responded you bet !
a fun way to break the huddle that had our opponents scratching their heads as very few of them had watched the show .
using this line added a unique element to our season that i 'll never forget .
we had our best season during my time in college that year and in a small way it was due to the fun that we had using this line .
the show was pretty much a stinker but it lives on in the memories of the 1977 pi kappa phi intramural flag football squad at west virginia tech .
... and it is this film .
i imagine that if indeed there is a negative afterlife , damned souls are tied to a rather uncomfortable couch and forced to watch this movie on a continuous loop for all eternity .
okay , maybe it 's not that bad , but it is probably the worst film i have ever seen next to " manos , the hands of fate " ...
and i have seen a lot of bad movies , believe you me .
this is just a crummy b movie , bad film - making at
it 's finest(or
is it worst ? )
the thing i really did n't like about this movie is the moronic duo they threw in for comedy relief .
now , a little comedy relief is a good thing , but most of the movie is focused on the adventures of these two morons , rather than on the " heroes " of this film , who are actually in it for less time than them !
to be fair , crown international really destroyed the movie by adding bad music and doing a poor job editing .
but honestly , this was probably a bad film to begin with , so crown really could n't have done that much to hurt it .
this really needs to be in the bottom 100 list .
i would n't wish this one on my worst enemy .
actually , it 's my kind of campy b movie .
it was bad , but i still liked it , despite my one star rating .
this film , like the first one ( " the man from snowy river " ) has the same good and bad features , perhaps even more so than the original .
unfortunately , the bad outweighs the good .
the good - magnificent scenery , better than the first film .
i love those high country shots in australia .
tom burlinson is still a likable guy , as " jim craig . "
bruce rowland did a nice job with the music , too .
the bad - once again we get an extremely obnoxious feminist heroine " jessica " ( sigrid thornton ) who is a world - class pouter with an extremely annoying face and manner about her .
in this film , we also get a big downgrade in who pays the father .
previously it was kirk douglas , now replaced by the always -profane brian dennehy .
speaking of that , it is a disgrace that a walt disney film would includes usages of the lord 's name in vain .
that was one reason was almost totally down the tubes in the 1980s .
this film , like the first one
there is a scene in this film at about the 42 minute mark that is among the worst i have seen in some time .
as f. scott fitzgerald ( gregory peck ) and sheilah graham ( deborah kerr ) are lounging on the beach , suddenly things become tense and sheilah begins to cry -- at which point she tells her lover about her sordid past .
this " dramatic scene " becomes so terribly overdone and histrionic
i could n't help but turn to my wife and exclaim how stupid it all was ... as dramatic music swelled on the television as it all came to a phony crescendo .
no one experiences moments like this -- no one .
now how much of the rest of the film is true , i can not say , but this particular moment was laughably bad and as fake as an $ 8 rolex -- and leads me to assume that some of the other reviewers were correct -- the film is a lot of bunk .
however , i am not an expert on the life of these two people and the internet did n't seem to clear this up , either .
just who were f. scott fitzgerald and sheilah graham and what was their relationship really like ?
what i do know about fitzgerald , however , does seem different from what i saw in the film .
was he the suave and decent man we initially see in the film ?
well , considering he was married at the same time he was carrying on with graham and drank like a fish , i 'd assume he was n't .
was he as obnoxious and boorish as we later see in the film ?
perhaps , but if he was this bad and yet ms. graham stayed with him , then this makes her out to be a complete dummy -- and not someone you 'd like to see featured in a film .
and , if he was n't , then the film does a poor disservice to his memory .
either way , it made for a painful and not particularly pleasant viewing experience .
the sum total of this film appears to be a tale of two not particularly likable or healthy people .
in a dark and salacious way , some might find this all very entertaining , but most are sure to see this as a train wreck with no surprises along the way !
unpleasant but with glossy production values ( especially the music , which was lovely but way over the top ) it begs the question " why did they even choose to make this in the first place ? " .
the bottom line -- it 's a pretty bad film all around and probably not worth your time -- even if , like me , you are big gregory peck fan .
what 's in here ? !
let me tell you .
it 's the presence of ( alec baldwin ) .
he 's not a great actor but maybe a nice star with some good movies which this is not one of them .
he did nothing here more than anything he did before or after .
so not to mention ( literally ! )
the matter of ( steve mcqueen ) being at the same role in the original because i do n't want to make that comparison in the first place .
i 'm not a big fan or even a fan of ( kim basinger ) , she got a lot of bad movies on her and even at her best she looks average !
and it gets on my nerve indeed whenever they talk about her seductive rare beauty ! ! ? ?
well , if being a blond would make anyone captivating then i 'll dye my hair in yellow as soon as possible !
and what is it with all the craziness over miss basinger 's legs ? ? ! !
it 's surely insanity or bad tasting ?
as i do n't see them both as not sexy only , but ugly too !
and if you hate that so shoot me down
but you know what ? !
i 've just watched this movie
so i 'm dead already ! .
yet , what would make you really suffer in unbearable way
is that nothing of the credits goes to the one she deserves the most 
and of course i mean ( jennifer tilly) ..
now we 're talking about a true genuine seductive chick with such unforgettable body and one unique sense of allurement like a nasty brunette ( marilyn monroe ) however much more healthier ! !
( i ca n't help it , she was the only new and watchable thing in here ! ) .
( michael madsen ) as the bad guy was much appealing as well as effective more than the good guys , ( james woods ) is here to summarize the early events beside the pool ( so the trailer would be by his voice later ! )
and he knew before all that this is a whole hollywood 's stuff
so " do your thing , take your cash , and good luck as an actor in other movies ! "
, the editing gave the movie a serious personality along with violent atmosphere done by suitable shining cinematography , so the main goods of it
( the action , the thrill , .. ) are here and fairly well - made , though any echo for deep meanings about ( the kinds of betrayal ) as the main dramatic motif of the whole thing is not that strong
so do n't wait for it .
ok , it 's all in all another remake without anything special ( except jennifer tilly 's spicy moments ! )
so i think i tried to be objective as much
as i could therefore i should n't end my review saying that ( basinger ) or anyone here did better than this movie ..
it would be an insult because frankly .. anything is better than this movie !
this was a " cute " movie at first , then then got too sappy and featured mediocre songs , at best .
there is too much king james english spoken with is not only annoying in today 's world but not always easy to interpret .
can you imagine young people of today trying to listen to this film ?
forget it .
bing crosby has some good lines in here and is likable as " hank martin . "
rhonda fleming ( " alisande la carteloise " ) was , too , in addition to her good looks and beautiful , long red hair .
it 's a nice movie with a feel - good ending , and i ca n't knock that .
maybe this is worthy of a rental , for historical sake or if you 're a big crosby fan
but , overall , it 's not that much .
if you 're after the real story of early baroque painter artemisia gentileschi , you 'll be disappointed-
however if you 're after a reasonably crafted bodice ripper with an art theme , you 've found you 're movie .
this film is such a foundationally inaccurate depiction of artemisia gentileschi 's life that it almost made me weep .
( type in artemisia inaccuracies in google and check out some of the fact vs. fiction articles . )
from a purely technical point of view though , the film was alright : the sets , costumes , and especially the chiaroscuro lighting helped create an immersive early 17th century experience ; although the above mentioned glaring factual inaccuracies let it down a bit .
i wonder how the director / co - writer agnès merlet defended her film at the time ?
perhaps she refused to portray artemisia as a victim , which would 've been unfortunate , because lets face it , she was .
there has been a lot of love that has been put into wes anderson 's " fantastic mr fox " , unfortunately all the love is for himself .
granted , there has been a lot of time and effort been put into making this ever so self - consciously quirky universe
but if only the same time and effort had been put into the script to try and make it funny .
the worrying thing is that i think it was , and this is the best that wes anderson could come up with .
the animation is good in the close - up shots of the animals , however when the camera is further away everything becomes really harsh on the eyes and to be perfectly honest looks like a bit of a mess .
there was n't really anything special about the acting either , with wes opting to choose his buddies and big names over more specialised voice actors that could have probably made the film better .
i 'm pretty sure
george clooney 's voice acting resume consists of two cameo appearances in south park , one of them where he played a dog .
the film is too smug and trying way too hard to be clever and different and is typically , despite the film being set in england , all the good animals are typical americans playing baseball , whilst the bad guys are stereotypical english with the most insulting english accents .
i can not stress how much of a waste of time this film is .
i did n't laugh once .
i was looking forward to seeing amanda peet in another good role after recently renting " the whole nine yards"--easily worth the rental , by the way -- but this was n't it .
i remembered that the trailer for " whipped " was somewhat funny and the plot about three oversexed new yorker twenty somethings all falling for and getting manipulated by the charming ms. peet was worth a shot .
so , i convinced two friends one afternoon to come see this movie with me .
this review is my penance .
in the first act we have the three lead studs , recounting their conquests in a diner .
what should have been funny , or at least telling , comes out rather pathetic .
was there any redeeming quality about the three men and their encounters that we were supposed to get out of this?[and while i do n't mind movies that are cheerfully vulgar , i kept wondering why no one in the diner turned around when the studs talk loudly about sexual and scatalogical details .
they do this every week at the same diner ?
you would think someone would complain .
oh , wait
, i forgot : two other diners do notice in one scene .
but this is just a setup for a punchline .
everyone else in the diner is deaf.]the second act has the three studs all falling for mia and then developing brain rot , failing to ask each other or her about what 's really happening between the four of them .
and i kept asking myself , as the studs keep acting like they have been , what redeeming qualities does she see in them to stick with them longer than one date ?
does she start out with brain rot ?
i kept hoping for eric 's character , the married buddy , to become something more than simply the annoying punching bag in this act .
his role is clearly to dispense advice on being married .
but why do they even bother to talk to him when they wo n't talk to each other ?
and his advice ?
sheeesh!the third act resolves what plot there is
but by this time i was looking at my watch .
my friends told me they were still waiting for something genuinely funny to happen
and i had to agree .
the scene that explains all was adequate and managed to explain all of the questions and mysterious dialogue bits throughout the movie
but we were just checking them off a list .
( " oh , okay , that 's why brad had that happen and jonathan says this
and ...
")what laughs we made were from the stupidity of the plot than at anything amusing .
even the outtakes during the credits were n't very funny .
ultimately i was left with nothing except a desire to warn people away from this movie .
rating : 3
my first opinions on this movie were of course bad .
i was expecting a horrible , crappy acting , bad entertainment , ridiculous special effects movie .
what i got was actually not that bad .
the special effects were absolutely horrible , but i found the movie itself quite interesting , and the script was actually pretty good and decent .
the acting was n't that bad , and overall i had fun watching this movie .
it 's still a pretty bad film , but it 's not completely worthless
like i thought it was going to be , and i 'm pleased to know that this movie managed to wow me , even when it was n't that good .
overall , it 's a film that should be avoided , but to me it was n't as bad as i was expecting it to be .
argh !
this film hurts my head .
and not in a good
way.maybe
it 's just my growing hatred for the action genre , but even as a kid when i would swallow tripe like navy seals , i still regarded this film with dislike .
now i utterly despise it.take one fairly good fast - paced story .
keep the title and throw the rest away .
instead use some half - assesd future gladiators storyline that s so full of plot holes the whole things in danger of collapsing ( why is there a rebel base in the middle of the arena , what about the cameras ?
why have clearly marked footage of what really happened at bakersfeild in an unguarded room?)the whole film screams eighties , from the truley awful score to the goofy shiny costumes .
ugh.don't watch this film .
i know some people liked it , but some people get off on being peed on
and i do n't understand them either .
dreadful horror sequel to " the howling " .
this picks off with karen white 's funeral ( she was killed at the end of the first film ) .
stefan crosscoe ( christopher lee sadly ) arrives there and tells karen 's brother ben ( reb brown ) that karen was a werewolf .
he 's going to transylvania to kill striba ( sybil danning ) the head werewolf .
ben and a coworker of karens ( annie mcenroe ) join him .
a terrible script , bad direction , inept editing and truly horrendous acting by brown and mcenroe single handedly sink this one .
the werewolf effects are mostly kept in the dark -- for good reason !
they 're terrible when you see them .
subpar special effects also -- although i did like the cartoon lightning that comes from danning 's fingers .
there 's also a werewolf orgy which is particularly stupid and danning takes off her top at least eight times during the closing credits !
there are a few good things -- i found the village in transylvania amusing -- it looks like it came from a universal horror flick from the 1930s !
there are interesting camera tricks between transition scenes ; brown and mcenroe have good bodies and lee and danning are good in this -- but they ca n't save it .
really -- why did they do this ?
where that they hard up for money ? ?
this is one of imdb 's lowest rated movies .
that alone should tell you something .
supposedly danning was horrified when she saw the movie -- i can understand why !
a must - miss .
lorenzo lamas stars as jack ` solider ` kelly an ex - vietnam vet and a renegade cop who goes on a search and destroy mission to save his sister from backwoods rednecks .
atrocious movie is so cheaply made and so bad that ron palillo is third billed , and yet has 3 minutes of screen time , and even those are n't any good .
overall a terrible movie , but the scenes with lorenzo lamas and josie bell hanging from a tree bagged and gagged are worth a few ( unintentional ) laughs .
followed by an improved sequel .
as a veteran of many , many pretentious french films i thought i 'd taken the worst the industry had to offer and was able to stomach anything .
but not this .
pointless , relentless , violent , unpleasant , meaningless ...
the film has nothing to offer and is random hatred and aggression dressed up as pretentious art .
avoid at all costs .
the golden era of disney cartoons was dying by the time the end of the 90s .
this show
quack pack should n't even be considered a ducktales spin off because the show barely had anything to do with ducktales .
it 's about a teen - aged huey , dewey and louie as they make trouble for their uncle donald and talk in hip - hop lingo and they are fully dressed unlike in ducktales .
i prefer the little adventurous nephews from ducktales .
there are humans in duckburg and the ducks are the only animals living in duckburg .
there 's no references of scrooge mcduck .
the stories are repetitive , the plot is boring but the animation is good .
if you want lots of slapstick humor , i recommend this to you .
if you want a better disney show watch " darkwing duck " or " ducktales " .
i 've finally seen the incubus after waiting 20 something odd years to see it
and well , it surely was n't worth waiting all this time to see it .
the incubus is strictly by - the - number horror film :
unseen killer / monster is raping and murdering women in a small town .
the film goes like this : movie opens with killing ; then blah blah blah ; more blah blah blah ; then another killing ; even more blah blah blah ; continuing with blah blah blah ; yet another killing ( surprising , huh ? ) ; blah blah blah , etc ...
the film is totally predictable from beginning to end .
even the stupid " big " red - herring used throughout the movie would n't convince a 5 year old .
and i figured out the secret identity of the incubus the moment i saw the character , so when the " shocking " surprise ending arrived , i was n't shocked or surprised .
in fact , it was so funny that i kept on chuckling days after i saw the movie .
it 's so silly!anyway
, the film is so by - the - number that the " rock band " sequence is one of the few stand - out moments in this dreary flick .
it 's a stand - out scene not necessarily because it 's good but because it 's so funny and pointless :
the movie playing on the big screen shows a rock video - like moment with a guy in red leather pants getting his obviously fake long hair cut , all of this edited with scenes of a girl who is being attacked in the movie theater 's washroom by the incubus .
the best thing i could say about this film is the cinematography , which i actually liked .
but aside from that , there 's almost nothing worth mentioning about the incubus , except that it 's unintentionally hilarious .
three giant sabretooth tigers( .. created in a laboratory from mitochondrial dna , a " genetic breakthrough " derived from fossil material)are on the rampage accidentally set free through a series of events(such as a computer geek 's introduced virus in order to unlock security measures keeping the resort novelty shops closed during construction & a security guard 's leaving a gate open while searching for the missing page from a porn mag that flew away in the breeze)that threaten the lives of those it comes in contact with .
the tigers are always hungry , but are unable to digest what they eat .
so pretty much the tigers just rip their prey to shreds .
victims include a group of college kids( ..
the stereotypes include a goth girl , jock and tech nerd ) , security personnel , and those somewhat developed rich scoundrels who we can easily despise and wish horrible death .
rounding out a series of bad sci - fi channel flicks , attack of the sabretooth has some of the most wretched computer simulated animals i 've seen yet .
and , the final death sequence is so putridly presented , you 'll demand within the deepest recesses of your soul the time spent on this truly awful exercise in the creature feature canon .
there 's some good dark humor deriving from heads being torn from necks , but even here the prosthetic work is unconvincing .
prosthetic body parts and blood aplenty as victims are pounced upon , crying for help and receiving none .
i 'm starting to sound like a broken record , repeating myself in every user comment i write for these sci - fi channel flicks .
i think maybe it 's time to move on to other kinds of cinema .
robert carradine has a role as a ruthless businessman who is being wooed by his truly repellent ex - brother - in - law , nicholas bell , the one opening " primal park " , a resort / zoo featuring genetically created sabretooth tigers as it 's major attraction .
stacy haiduk , still quite yummy , is a security officer who attempts to convince bell to get the investors he hopes to goad into putting money in his multi - million dollar project to leave the island .
brian wimmer is haiduck 's lover and his role is a mechanic keeping operations running smoothly .
bell 's fate at the end , resulting from a dislodged tooth from a sabretooth tiger statue is the pits .
carradine spends a great deal of the film taunting bell , his arch nemesis .
the tiger 's point - of - view shows humans in a bright color as it moves towards them .
the film ultimately consists of characters walking through darkened corridors( ..
the tech nerd 's virus cut off the power)worried for their safety .
the college kids commit breaking and entering to score certain items needed(
.. it 's a scavenger hunt type of activity)to enter a fraternity / sorority .
the cast playing these kids do not rise above their clichés .
i will warn you here : i chose to believe those reviewers who said that this was n't an action film in the usual sense , rather a psychological drama so you should appreciate it on that basis and you will be alright .
i am here to tell you that they were wrong .
completely wrong .
well , no , not completely ; it is very disappointing if you are looking for an action flick , they were right about that .
but it is also very unsatisfying on all other levels as well .
tom beringer was n't too bad , i suppose , no worse than usual ; but what possessed them to cast billy zane in this ?
was it some sort of death wish on the part of the producers ?
a way to made their film a guaranteed flop ?
in that case , it worked .
if they were actually aiming for success , then why not cast somebody who can act ?
oh , and might as well go for a screenwriter who knows how to write .
ah , yes , and a director who knows how to direct .
as someone who sat through this mess , actually believing it would shortly redeem itself , i can assure you it never did .
pity , it could 've been a good film .
in the title i write that the story is ludicrous .
below i 'll elaborate and tell you why it , in my humble opinion , ruins this movie .
gere and danes are doing their jobs , and while it 's not their best work , it 's quite ok .
the rest of the cast , though , is doing a really poor job .
mind you , this is not entirely the actors fault .
the problem is that gere and danes are the only ones that have characters that have even the slightest room in the movie to really give any depth .
all other characters have either too little room in the movie to create any depth , or the character is such a cliché that it does n't matter how hard the actors try .
the director has a bit of a se7en complex , but looking merely at the direction , i think he does an ok job .
but the story .
this is the kind of script that is bad in two ways .
first of all it 's a bad movie script .
the characters are shallow ( except for gere 's and danes ' characters ) , the villains are clichés and the actions of the characters is totally unbelievable .
besides this , the writers must have an agenda where they want to bring back our views and ethics a hundred years .
it 's the kind of movie that are saying that some criminals are still criminals , regardless of the fact that they have paid the price the society has given them .
it 's also the kind of movie that says , albeit only between the lines , that every form of sexual deviance should be punished without trial , judge or jury .
and of course , according to the movie , everything that is not sex in the missionary position by a married couple is a sexual deviance .
so , if you 're going to film school and need an example of a bad script , or if you 're writing scripts yourself and want an ego boost .
see it .
for everyone else , i recommend another movie .
this is one of those movies you think that the makers would refuse to release it because it is so terrible .
obviously they were thinking that children are stupid and are excellent for absorbing endless ads and would think they are entertainment because it is slapstick funny .
what is it with the talking car with buttons that say wendy 's , mcdonalds , m&m 's and skittles ?
there was no talking car in the cartoon .
( dr. ) claw is supposed to be evil , not handsome and charming .
why is rupert everet ' claw ' anyway ?
were the writers on drugs when they wrote these scenes ?
it looks like they were ( badly ) lampooning robo cop , with the turning a man into a crime fighting android thing .
i tried to get my money back
but there was a policy where if i watch more than 30 minutes of a movie , you do n't get a refund .
i 'm sorry i watched more than 30 minutes of that pile of crap .
after i was told the no - refund policy , i decided to watch the rest of the hideous garbage called inspector gadget .
there is no way to describe how really , really , really bad this movie is .
it 's a shame that i actually sat through this movie , this very tiresome and predictable movie .
what 's wrong with it ?
acting : there is not one performance that is even remotely close to even being sub - par ( atleast they are all very pretty ) .
soundtrack ( songs ) : " if we get orgy on the soundtrack then everyone will know that they are watching a horror film ! " ; soundtrack ( score )
: okay , but anyone with a keyboard can make an okay soundtrack these days .
do n't even get me started on the " what the hell ?
" moments , here are a few : killer can move at the speed of light -- door opens actress turns , no one is there , turns back , there is something sitting in front of her .
; out of now where the killer shows up with a power drill , a really big one !
the filmmakers get points for at least plugging it in , but can i really believe that the killer took the time to find the power outlet to plug it in .
i feel like one of the guards at the beginning of holy grail and want to say " where 'd you get the power drill ? " .
i could go on and on about how bad this film is
but i only have 1000 words .
i will give this 2 out of ten stars .
one star for making me laugh and another star for all the cleavage .
seriously , do not waste your time with this one .
suffice to say that - despite the odd ludicrous panegyric to his soi disant " abilities " posted here - the director of this inept , odious tosh has n't made a film since .
well that is excellent news as far as i 'm concerned .
dead babies has all of the bile of its creator , but lacks the wit and technical proficiency that make martin amis the novelist readable .
when will the british film industry wake up and realise that if it wants to regain the status it once had
it should stop producing rubbish like this and make something real people will actually want to watch?avoid like the plague .
this movie was terrible .
the plot sucked , the acting was bad , the editing was inept and this movie makes me want to poke my eyes out .
i wish i had the time i spent watching this movie back .
the balloon scene was stupid , the mormon jokes are really old , the soundtrack sucked , i saw no chemistry between the two leads , it 's full of stereotypes , stupid local " celeb " cameo's .. most noted was del
" i 'm going to drive as fast as i want to .. "
computer idiot .
what is worst is that these actors had to play themselves on the spiritual side and even they screwed that up .
this movie help create a long line of lackluster efforts to mainstream lds beliefs into hollywood .
the rm , church ball , etc .
i would forgo watching this movie and instead run head first into a brick wall .
you will be more entertained than watching this poor excuse for a show .
this movie is worth watching if you enjoy marvelling over special effects .
there are some interesting visuals .
aside from that , it 's typical nineties / aughties hollywood fare of dazzle without substance .
true to the title .
it 's not worth picking apart the story .
that 's like performing brain surgery on a dinosaur .
there 's not much there to begin with .
it 's nothing original and not very special .
so do n't go in for the story at all .
just look at the effects .
as has been mentioned , it got a little flashy at the end , diluting the purity of great fx treatment of an invisible ( and at times half invisible ) man .
however if you ignore the " standard " pyrotechnics , it 's a sight to behold ( or not to behold).all in all , it 's a decent fx film worth seeing for that purpose and that alone .
finally i thought someone is going to do justice to h.g. wells 's classic , not another version set in the wrong locale or era , but one based firmly on the book .
well it definitely follows the book pretty closely , and that is the only plus to this mess .
this is 180 min 's ( yes 3 hours ) long , the book is only around 150 pages .if
timothy hines had the nerve to come on here and say " if you can do any better ...
" i would say " yes , i could " and i have never used a video camera or been to any sort or drama school in my life .
i paid good money to get this crap over to the uk from the usa , do not make the same mistake as me .
i do n't know what the rest of you guys watch steven seagal movies for , but i watch them because , as silly as they are , they 're at least always good for a laugh .
why would you rate this movie a 1 out of 10 based on the dubbing , when that kind of thing is exactly what makes a movie like this into a cult favorite that you can laugh at the silliness
of?attack force is by no means a great movie , but i felt it was as worthy a steven seagal vehicle as many of his other movies
; in fact i did n't think it was one of his worst by a long - shot .
it had , most of the time , a half - way coherent plot line , and it was , most of the time , fundamentally exciting .
the ending really sucked , but even that had some enjoyably trashy elements .
in the end the story itself did not deliver what it promised , but i actually thought that the acting , characterization ( if i may use such a big word ) and the rest of the production values delivered exactly what a true steven seagal fan would expect .
seagal himself in particular was exactly the stone - faced , no - nonsense man 's man that we 've come to expect , and the rest of the cast backed him up pretty well , without ever up - staging him .
this , people , is what a steven seagal movie does .
deal with it .
or even better : laugh at it.4 out of 10 .
i have not yet decided whether this will replace anaconda as " the worst film i have ever seen" .
even if you ignore the dodgy accents , low production values and appalling camera work
this film has absolutely nothing going for it .
i only went to see it as i had read the book and wanted to see how they would work the complicated plot into a 2 hour film .
the simple answer is - they did n't .
characters appear with little to no explanation as to who they are and then proceed to play no valuable part in the narrative .
even the main characters act without reason so that by the time the film reaches it 's climax
you do n't care what happens to any of them .
i can accept that books occasionally need to be rewritten to fit into films and that it is perhaps unfair to judge this film against the book it was adapted from .
but after my friends and i came out of the cinema i had to spend most of the journey home explaining what was supposed to have happened .
they even change the true meaning of the books title " rancid aluminium " by squeezing it into yet another piece of pointless voice over just so they can allow the film to have a cool title .
a real mess of a film from start to finish .
trying to compare or represent this " swill " as anything " hitchcockian " is an out - n - out attempt to mislead hitchcock fans to waste $ 7 on this movie ...
weak acting weak story weak script .
no real suspense , no thrills .
you wait all through the weakness of this movie for the big payoff or even any payoff ...
you're left thinking , what the heck was that all about .
and please , enough with the movement to make " alternative lifestyles " hip and politically correct!! ... i ca n't recommend this to anyone ...
did i mention how weak the acting is ?
williams did a better job as peter pan and " mork " .
but those were much more innocent times ...........
the psychology of this movie is really weird to try and figure out .
its often billed as an anti - rpg movie , but its really not that simple .
here are come apparent contradictions that make me wonder just what ( if anything ) they 're trying to say about gaming .
they laboriously introduce all the characters home lives by way of introduction , all of them having parents who are divorced , alcoholic , and totally out of touch with their lives except for the times they 're harshly pressuring them to succeed .
tom hanks is arguably the worst off , having just failed out of another school and still dealing with a brother who disappeared and may be dead .
its mentioned a couple of times that they play the game to work through problems in their real lives .
and sure enough , at the end , when they go to see robbie ( hanks ) , they 're all happy and well - adjusted , embarking on their adult careers , problems solved , games put away ( daniel does n't even want to design computer games any more ) , and
even robbie 's mother , who 's been constantly drunk and dissatisfied , is suddenly the happy homemaker , looking fresh and bright and arranging flowers .
sure , jj suddenly ( and quite cheerfully it seems ) decides to commit suicide , but the reason seems to be entirely because he 's a lonely boy genius who ca n't get a date , and not because his character dies , as in the famous jack chick tract ( which happens afterward anyways , and it almost seems like he does it on purpose
so he can end daniels game and get everyone to come play his .
in fact , the prospect of live - action role playing in the caverns seems to be the only thing that saves him from killing himself ! )
and in what may be the coolest tableau scene in the whole movie , kate , looking very fetching in chain mail , looks right at the camera and says something like , " the scariest monsters are the ones in our own minds .
" the biggest fantasy element in this movie is the two muggers passing up the rich couple so they can rob the dirty , homeless - looking guy of his magic beans .
the recurring theme ( a " the way we were " for the 80s)might have been poignant at the end , but as a way to kick off a movie is downright depressing and seems out of place .
and for one final mystery , our hero , wearing full pardu regalia , has a psychotic break , becomes his character completely and embarks on his quest , so of course the first thing he does is change into 20-century street clothes .
so maybe the movie 's irrational ,
but i guess its dealing with an irrational topic .
in those days a circle of kids with dice and pencils was regarded as tainted and possibly possessed , and you could go insane if they spoke their mumbo - jumbo at you .
the anti - game paranoia is pretty much summed up in the first scene , where the reporter asks the cop what s going on , the cop says a kids lost in the tunnels
and there 's a chance mazes and monsters is somehow involved .
the reporter admits to being vaguely familiar with the game ( although he allows his own children to play it ) , then turns to the camera and reels off a polished spiel that blames the game for everything and admits no possibility of another explanation .
in the end , its no masterpiece , but interesting as made - for - tv movies go .
pictures that usually glorify a hero have meaning .
as an example , bonnie and clyde glorified the dynamic bank robbers and you actually felt sympathy for them despite their evil deeds .
they were two people caught up in the depression when people were desperate to survive .
this film has absolutely no substance .
the viggo mortensen character soon emerges as a folk hero .
he speeds along an idaho highway on the way to the hospital where his stricken wife has been taking .
no one bothers to understand why he is trying to flee everyone .
even worse , when the realization becomes apparent that he is not a red - neck terrorist ,
no one in government wants to help him as they try to save their rear ends .
jason priestley co - stars as a radio emcee who builds upon the story in support of our hero .
the ending is absolutely unbelievable .
imagine the big chill with a cast of twenty - somethings whose characters are all unlikable , and an iguana - like man - lizard chasing them around and you have an idea of the foolishness herein .
on the positive side , the movie does not skimp on showing the monster .
there 's no peek - a - boo shots , or nighttime scenes where you have to imagine what he looks like ; he 's right out there folks .
unfortunately , the design and construction are n't that inspired .
a little bit of mystery might have helped .
mind you , i 've seen far worse , but if you 're going to have him out on full display for a lot of the flick , your monster better look damn good .
spoiler ahead!!!oh , and there 's a twist ending involving the supposedly dead brother that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
this came as no surprise given the shoddy writing of the script .
as for the acting ; well let 's just say it was n't painfully bad , but i do n't expect we 'll be seeing many of these kids in future cinematic outings .
gore quotient : 2 out of 5 ;
nudity quotient : 1 out of 5 ;
intelligence quotient : negligible
this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal .
this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal .
this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal .
this is just a case of a previously worthless island changed into something worthwhile .
jesus christ people lets throw a big fit over 2000 islanders big deal .
there is simply no use in trying to glorify any part of this film .
it was straight up trash .
at the very beginning you might think that you are in for a visually stunning piece of cinematography ... and then shortly thereafter you are hit with a large sack ( burlap ) of fail !
the fighting is barely martial , the acting is teetering on the edge of par , and the music is not worth describing .
there is only enough of a story to have created an excuse for this film to have been made .
the decisions that the characters make and the way that they deal with the situations is weak , and did nothing but frustrate me .
i think that the only reason this film came about was to act as a bit of fan service by using yumiko shaku .
if it was n't for the bad dialogues and script .
i mean , the direction was really in touch with
it 's subject .
the actors were doing good at bringing their characters to life .
but in the end , the thing that was really missing was a solid script to hold all the pieces together .
i would highly suggest not to watch this .
unless you 're a al pacino enthusiast like i am and will watch everything he is playing in .
even if the result lately are rather poor .
this is , after s1m0ne , a second very bad movie for this actor that once knew how to choose roles .
... is the only way to describe this movie about subjects that should be surefire : scandal , sex , celebrity , power .
kirsten dunst grins her way through her role as silent movie star marion davies like she thinks she 's in " legally blonde .
the guy who plays william randolph hearst overacts to the point where you want to reach into the screen and slap him .
eddie izzard is pretty good , except that he 's playing charlie chaplin , and is about , oh , 125 lbs too heavy for the part ?
hard to believe this hamfisted , uneven wreck was directed by peter bogdanovich , but then again , he has n't made a watchable movie in ,
what ?
30 years ?
sometimes , there 's just no coming back .
watching this film for the action is rather a waste of time , because the figureheads on the ships act better than the humans .
it 's a mercy that anthony quinn could n't persuade anyone else to let him direct any other films after this turkey .
but it is filled with amusement value , since yul brynner has hair , lorne greene displays an unconvincing french accent , and the rest of the big names strut about in comic - book fashion .
i used to always love the bill because of its great script and characters , but lately i feel as though it has turned into an emotional type of soap .
if you look at promotional pictures / posters of the bill now you will see either two of the officers hugging / kissing or something to do with friendships whereas promotional pictures of the bill a long time ago would have shown something to do with crime .
this proves that it has changed a lot from being an absolutely amazing police drama to an average type of television soap .
when i watch it i feel like i 'm watching a police version of coronation street or something similar .
i have to say i still like the bill as i 'm interested in police work and that type of thing
but i really miss the greatness that the bill used to have .
i want to rate it as 2 out of ten because you have to admit it has been totally ruined by the people who took the bill over .
as for the script and characters they have both gone downhill , most of the great characters are gone now ( although a few still remain i think ) and
i 'm not saying that the newer characters are poor or anything because they definitely are n't , its just that they lack the tough looks , personalities and script lines that all of the old characters used to have because most of the new ones are at the moment involved with silly relationships and family trouble .
overall being one of the only police programs on television these days , the bill will always be a crappily interesting thing to watch , but like i say it has lost a lot of its uniqueness ( if that s the right spelling ) and would now be classed as a terrible , unreal television soap .
recommended to watch for a good laugh over the stupidity of the police officers involved - 2/10
to say this film stinks would be insulting to skunks .
as the other commenter says , this movie is insulting to anyone over the mental age of 7 ( it is especially , incredibly insulting to gays ) .
it is awful - and not in a " so bad
it 's funny " sort of way
either - it 's just plain awful .
no , i have to say it :
it stinks !
( sorry skunks).from the opening credits to the end titles there is hardly more than 10 seconds of this movie worth opening your eyes for .
the " plot " is incoherent , the characterization non - existent , the acting is of the over the top mugging " look at me
i 'm being funny ! "
school
and so it goes on .
the set pieces are clumsily set up ( if at all ) and are badly executed , it 's just awful on every front - apart from the music maybe , i do n't remember thinking the music stinks ( apart from the songs).to be fair to the makers , they lay their cards on the table pretty quickly : the opening credits include the title " also starring ertha kitt as the voice of betty the meteor " (
since as the meteor in question turns out never never say anything but make an occasional purring noise they may well have lifted ms. kitt 's contribution from one of her records ) and the second line of the movie runs something like : " ... and scientists have discovered new facts about the rings around uranus .
uranus -
" your anus " geddit ?
geddit ?
huh ? ?
your anus ?
the humour really is that cheap .
it says strange things about the " comedies " of that period in that it was perfectly permissable for the hero to deliberately shoot people dead in the street but not say " sh*t " out loud .
i paid fifty pence ( about $ 1.00 ) for this movie in a sale .
i feel ripped off .
" extreme makeover : home edition " is yet another ' feel - goody ' , so - called ' heart warming ' , and out - for - ratings show that abc has had the time to put together .
i understand the troubles that these families go through .
for that , i am sorry .
but would n't you think that putting four wide - screen plasma televisions , three flat - screen desktop computers , an inground pool taking up half of a backyard , and closets full of expensive designer clothing is a bit too excessive for any family ?
sure , these families have been through a lot .
sure , they deserve nicer things that what they had previously had .
but honestly , the things that ty pennington and his crew put into these houses are enough to suit an entire neighborhood .
another thing that really irks me about this show is how ty and his crew always have something good to say about every little thing that relates to the family , or the family 's condition .
telling a wheelchair - bound person that he or she is ' so strong ' , or ' very brave ' really does get old after a while .
that may sound rude , but believe me ; watch this show , and you 'll see what i mean .
all in all , this show is overrated .
if you want to watch it , go ahead .
this comment is just a heads - up for what you 'd be watching .
there is a uk edition to this show which is rather less extravagant than the us version .
the person concerned will get a new kitchen or perhaps bedroom and bathroom and is wonderfully grateful for what they have got .
the us version of this show is everything that reality tv should n't be .
instead of making a few improvements to a house which the occupants could not afford or do themselves the entire house gets rebuilt .
i do not know if this show is trying to show what a lousy welfare system exists in the us or if you beg hard enough you will receive .
the rather vulgar product placement that takes place , particularly by sears , is also uncalled for .
rsther than turning one family in a deprived area into potential millionaires , it would be far better to help the community as a whole where instead of spending the hundreds of thousands of dollars on one home , build something for the whole community ..... perhaps a place where diy and power tools can be borrowed and returned along with building materials so that everyone can benefit should they want to .
giving it all to one person can cause enormous resentment among the rest of the local community who still live in the same run down houses .
i 've seen about 820 movies released between 1931 - 39 , and the informer is the worst major release i 've seen from that time span .
awful , despicable , unpleasant , unhappy , unredeemable saga of a complete loser .
watch a 1934 b western instead .
yep , the topic is a straight quote from the movie
and i think it 's pretty accurate .
i was so bored to dead with this pointless effort .
all the flashes etc .
making no sense after first 20 minutes is just bad film making + if you are epileptic , you would have died at least five times already .
of course all the david lynch fans would raise a flag for this kind of turkey to be " the best film ever made " because it does n't make any sense and when it does n't make any sense it 's got to be art , and art movie is always good .
right ?
i say wrong .
this kind of artificial art grab is just a pathetic way to try to show that you 're a good film maker .
anthony hopkins as a excellent actor should just stay acting .
a battleship is sinking ...
its survivors , hanging onto a nearby liferaft , sit there doing nothing while we go into each of their minds for a series of long flashbacks .
even though noel coward 's name is the only one that you notice during the credits , everything that 's cinematic in it is because of lean .
and on technical terms , its very good .
david lean just knew films from the get - go .
there are many moments where coward 's studied dialogue takes a second seat and lean 's visual sense takes centre stage .
try the soldiers getting off the ship near the end , and that whole scene ; the tracking shot towards the hymn singing , the scene where we 're inside a house that gets bombed .
noel coward is one of the worst actors i 've ever seen .
he 's totally wooden , not displaying emotion , character or humanity .
you can see it in his eyes that he 's not really listening to what the other performer is saying , he 's just waiting for them to finish so he can rush out his own line.7/10.its episodic , a bit repetitive , and the flashbacks overwhelm the story : there 's no central story that they advance , just give general insights into the characters .
still , its an interesting film worth a watch - and a good debut for lean .
its not a very deep or penetrating film , and its definitely a propaganda film , but its also a showcase for lean 's editing skills - its all about how the pieces are put together .
imagine the worst skits from saturday night live and mad tv in one 90 minute movie .
now , imagine that all the humor in those bad skits is removed and replaced with stupidity .
now imagine something 50 times worse .
got that?ok , now go
see the underground comedy movie .
that vision you just had will seem like the funniest thing ever .
ucm is the single worst movie i 've ever seen .
there were a few cheap laughs ... very few .
but it was lame .
even if the intent of the movie was to be lame , it was too lame to be funny .
the only reason i 'm not angry for wasting my time watching this was someone else
i know bought it .
he wasted his money .
vince offer has n't written or directed anything else and it 's not surprise why .
omen iv :
the awakening starts at the ' st. frances orphanage ' where husband & wife karen ( faye grant ) & gene york
( michael woods ) are given a baby girl by sister yvonne ( megan leitch ) who they have adopted , they name her delia .
at first things go well
but as the years pass & delia ( asia vieria ) grows up karen becomes suspicious of her as death & disaster follows her , karen is convinced that she is evil itself .
karen then finds out that she is pregnant but discovers a sinister plot to use her as a surrogate mother for th next antichrist & gets a shock when she finds out who delia 's real father was ...
originally to be directed by dominique othenin - girard who either quit or was sacked & was replaced by jorge montesi who completed the film although why he bothered is anyone 's guess as omen iv :
the awakening is absolutely terrible & a disgrace when compared to it illustrious predecessors .
the script by brian taggert is hilariously bad , i 'm not sure whether this nonsense actually looked good as the written word on a piece of paper
but there are so many things wrong with it that i find even that hard to believe .
as a serious film omen iv : the awakening falls flat on it 's face
& it really does work better if you look at it as a comedy spoof
, i mean the scene towards the end when the detective comes face - to - face with a bunch of zombie carol singers who are singing an ominous gothic song has to be seen to be believed
& i thought it was absolutely hilarious & ridiculous in equal measure .
then there 's the pointless difference between this & the other omen films
in that this time it 's a young girl , the question i ask here is why ?
seriously , why ?
there 's no reason at all & is n't used to any effect at all anyway .
then of course there 's the stupid twist at the end which claims delia has been keeping her brother 's embryo inside herself & that in a sinister conspiracy involving a group of satan worshippers it has been implanted in karen so she can give birth to the antichrist
is moronic & comes across as just plain daft .
at first it has a certain entertainment value in how bad it is but the unintentional hilarity gives way to complete boredom sooner rather than later .
it 's obviously impossible to know how much of omen iv :
the awakening was directed by girard & montesi
but you can sort of tell all was not well behind the camera as it 's a shabby , cheap looking poorly made film which was actually made - for - tv & it shows with the bland , flat & unimaginative cinematography & production design .
then there 's the total lack of scares , atmosphere , tension & gore which are the main elements that made the previous omen films so effective .
the budget must have been pretty low & the film looks like it was .
the best most stylish thing about omen iv :
the awakening is the final shot in which the camera rises up in the air as delia walks away into the distance to reveal a crucifix shaped cross made by two overlapping path 's but this is the very last shot before the end credits roll which says just about everything .
i have to mention the music which sounds awful , more suited to a comedy & is very inappropriate sounding .
the acting is alright at best but
as usual the kid annoys .
omen iv :
the awakening is rubbish , it 's a totally ridiculous film that tries to be serious & just ends up coming across as stupid .
the change of director 's probably did n't help either , that 's still not a excuse though .
the last omen film to date following the original the omen ( 1976 ) , damien : omen ii ( 1978 ) & the final conflict ( 1981 ) all of which are far superior to this .
just like everybody else have said , the acting is awful , no story or whatsoever , poor directing .
about the sfx , the 360 degree , matrix style shooting , 1 shoot is stupid enough , but for each characters .
i mean come on gimme a break .
and what 's up with all those video game scenes , just to remind us
it 's a " video game adaptation " ?
jesus , they should have fired whoever think up this idea.0.00001/10
spoilers all too often , hollywood 's shakespeare adaptations entertaining pieces of cinema .
beautifully shot they are well performed and faithful to the text .
films including branagh 's " henry v " and 1993 's " much ado about nothing " are powerful pieces of work .
watching " love 's labour 's lost " therefore , it 's such a huge disappointment for expectation to be so hideously thrown to waste .
sadly " love 's labour 's lost " is awful !
the king of navarre ( alessandro nivola ) and his friends have forsaken drink and women for three years to focus on their studies .
plans begin to fall apart however when the enigmatic princess of france ( alicia silverstone ) and her entourage arrive .
soon love is in the air and philosophy is off the prince 's mind .
from the start , you realise that this film is not quite shakespeare .
cleverly relocated into a 1930s musical by ken branagh , the plot is still there and the script remains , but now it has been sacrificed in favour of dire musical taste .
classics like " the way
you look tonight " , " let 's face the music and dance " , " i 'm in heaven " are all destroyed by weak singing and a strong feel that they just do n't belong here .
aside from weak singing , we are also treated to an increasingly large number of awkward performances by regular stars .
ken branagh and friends might enjoy making this film , but they provide us with a stomach turning collection of roles .
the main eight actors ( four men & four women ) are all equally dire , and the only positive on their behalf is a vast improvement on the truly dreadful timothy spall .
in fact , only one individual leaves the film worthy of any praise and that 's the consistently magnificent nathan lane .
lane has proved over the years that he is a comedy genius and in this feature he once again adds an air of humour to the jester costard .
there 's little else to be said really . "
love 's labour 's lost " deserves mild praise for branagh 's original take on an old tale .
unfortunately though , that 's where the positives end .
weakly acted , performed , sang and constructed , " love 's labour 's lost " is perhaps the weakest shakespeare adaptation of the last forty years .
it should be avoided like the plague and should never have been made .
a poor , disappointing choice by branagh
and here 's hoping his next effort is better .
this movie should be called " plan 9 from joseph smith .
" i think its weirdness is underappreciated .
the playwright seems to have read paul ehrlich 's " the population bomb ( 1968 ) , " and crafted a musical response made especially for mormons .
the whole point of the play is that having as many children as you can is part of " heavenly father 's " ( god 's ) plan .
and anything that stands in the way of having more babies is very bad .
get it?this version was filmed in 1989 , which is confusing .
it 's utah , so it looks and feels like 1983 , the play was actually written in 1973 , and of course , the theology is part 1840 's , part battlestar galactica .
some of the action takes place on earth and some in the " pre - existence , an aimless romper - room where annoying kids wait to get their bodies so they can come down try not to slam the door on the missionaries , losing their shot at celestial glory.it is as stagey as they come , but do n't let the poor theatrics spoil your appreciation for this demented mormon universe
where the ' cool kids ' are all into population control , ( presumably ) counseling their parents not to have any more children ! !
having big families was , at the time the play was written , the cultural norm in the lds community , and more importantly , considered part of god 's plan .
the church has since done a 180 , and have made family planning a choice of the parents , and large families are much less the cultural norm now .
making the entire doctrinal premise of the movie for a modern - day mormon
moot!ahhh
but it 's really only as good as the music .
there are some catchy tunes here that just wo n't let this movie die the 1970 's death
it was pre - destined for .
the brother and sister sing some love songs to each other that make you wonder if maybe something else was going on there
--wink .
and the tough , cool kids make new kids on the block look like metallica .
so cheers to all that !
gather the family around , make some jell - o shooters and enjoy the show !
now i recently had the viewing pleasure to watch the hilarious comedy bachelor party , one of my new favorite comedies , laughed until it just hurt type of movies .
so i naturally wanted to see the sequel , hoping it would have the same laughs , but instead bachelor party 2 :
the last temptation is made by the american pie generation where it 's tasteless and defeats the hole purpose of the first film .
yeah , the first film has nudity , but it does n't show in every single scene .
also the plot is exactly the same from the first , it 's not always a complaint with me , but this could have been a little more original .
the only thing is that i 'm glad that at least no old actors from the original appear in this movie , because it would have been cheesy or really silly looking .
ron and melinda are engaged , after only 2 months of dating , everyone is against it .
melinda has a rich family , but they 're pretty happy with ron , and melinda 's brother , todd is scared that ron will take his job .
so they go out on a weekend to miami for a bachelor party
and todd is going to make sure that he 'll trap ron into a picture that will make melinda change her mind about the marriage .
bachelor party 2 : the last temptation has a couple laughs here and there , but over all fails to deliver what the first film accomplished .
these guys , ron 's friends , were more obnoxious than likable , except for seth , he was kinda funny .
the only likable characters other than seth is ron and melinda , everyone else just more or less gets on your nerves .
you wanna watch this film ?
just watch girls gone wild , it 's the same thing only it does n't try to pretend that it 's a film .
stick to the original bachelor party , that 's the movie that 's going to get you in tears of laughter.3/10
the banner says it all , this is one really bad movie , which is sad because i normally like sheffer , and i have been impressed with andrea roth in other roles .
this , however , is terrible .
i wo nt waste any more time ...
its just that bad .
like most people i love " a christmas story " .
i had never even heard of this film and perhaps for good reason -- it is awful .
same locale , same narrator , same director but the warm fuzziness of the original was lacking .
charles grodin was a poor choice to replace darrin mcgavin
but i can not imagine anyone being able to replace him .
the story seems forced and lacks the sweetness of the original .
the interaction with the neighbors , the bumpuses , is ridiculous .
in " a christmas story " ralphie 's obsession with the bb gun seems cute but his obsession in this movie is boring .
scud farkus , the original neighborhood bully , is replaced in this film by yet another kid with braces and a weird hat but with little of the scud farkus menacing appeal .
it would be pretty difficult to equal the original , even if this movie had been made with the original crew .
honestly , i do n't know what 's funnier , this horrific remake , or the comments on this board .
masterpiece 's review had me in tears , that 's so funny .
anyway , this movie is the among the worst movies ever , and certainly the bottom of the barrel for sequels .
the " omen " name on the title made me stop and watch it this morning on hbo , but it 's a slap in the face to the other three , especially the original .
there are so many classically bad moments , but my favorite is the guy catching fire from the juggler at the psychic fair ! !
good times !
this movie is to the omen series what " scary movie " is to the entire genre .
avoid unless you 're looking for a good laugh .
i saw this movie at sundance 2005 and was stunned at how bad it was , although based on the catalog description i was excited to see it .
supposedly a " mockumentary " of two high school students making a documentary of high school life , it featured bad acting , bad directing , completely lack of engaging characters as written , and all - around is a total bust .
i love good movies about high school , and this is not one of them .
the characters are one - dimensional and self - consciously " cool " although they are supposed to be outcasts .
you get the overall impression of a bunch of people sitting around making an on - purposely - bad movie to show their friends , yet somehow it got into sundance .
mystifying .
if ashanti had been a serious attempt at a film about the institution of slavery , still prevalent in third world countries the film might have been better received .
instead it turns into a star studded disaster of a movie where the stars came in , said their lines , and picked up their paychecks without much conviction .
michael caine and his wife beverly johnson work for the united nations world health organization and are busy doing their humanitarian thing in east africa .
along comes peter ustinov who can barely summon enough ham in him to make a go of the part as a moslem slave dealer .
as johnson is black he grabs her anyway along with a lot of children and a few adults as well .
of course caine does n't take kindly to the kidnapping and the rest of the film is spent in a rescue attempt .
the rest of the cast has such folks as william holden , rex harrison , omar sharif and indian film star kebir bedi in parts and looking so incredibly bored with the whole thing .
usually in something like this talented people like those mentioned above will just overact outrageously and feast on a diet of scenery .
but ashanti does n't even have that going for it .
what an incredible waste of time .
the aroma of tax write off is permeating the air .
i am a kind person , so i gave this movie a 2 instead of a 1 .
it was without a doubt the worst movie that i 've seen in a long time .
there was very little plot and the deeper interesting areas that were touched upon i.e. what jesus may really have wanted us to know , were glossed over and instead we were given heavy visual doses of sadistic punishment inflicted upon our heroine ( arquette ) .
total crucifixion in the first 15 minutes would have been more humane to both her character and the audience .
the acting was barely there and the direction was uninspired .
and , if i saw one more drip of water or dove flying toward the camera , i may have started screaming louder than patricia .
this film was one of the worst i 've seen in a long while .
it 's a combination police drama and comedy about two hollywood detectives , harrison ford and josh hartnett , investigating a shootout at a hip hop club .
the plot is contrived and there are way too many side issues going on .
ford is hustling real estate on the side ( martin landau is one of his clients ) , hartnett runs a yoga school where he 's hustling chicks in his spare time , the two are under investigation by internal affairs , ford is screwing the ex - girlfriend ( lena olin ) of the ia investigator and
she 's a psychic who has a radio show ,
the man who set up the killing at the club is a dirty ex - cop who shot hartnett 's father years ago .
toss in the obligatory car chases and some lame attempts at humor , and that 's about the gist of this turkey .
it 's obvious that the people who made ' dead at the box office ' love b - movie horror .
overt references to the genre are peppered throughout , from stock characters ( the authority figure who does n't believe the monstrous invasion is really happening ) to kevin smith style discussions to reenacting duane jones ' last moments from ' night of the living dead ' not once but twice .
unfortunately it takes more than love to make a good movie .
the staging and shot choice are unexciting and unimaginative .
while a common admonition in film school is to avoid ' mastershot theatre , ' telling the story completely in a wide master shot , here we find the obverse as in several sequences it 's hard to figure out the spatial relationships between characters as the story is told in a series of medium shots with no establishing shot to tie it together .
editing is drab and basic and at times there are unmotivated cuts .
the lighting is flat and sometimes muddy , making the scenes in the darkened theatre hard to make out ( was there lighting , or was this shot with available light only ? ) .
some shots are out of focus .
the dialogue is trite , and the performances , for the most part , one - note ( isaiah robinson shows some energy and screen presence as curtis , and the fellow playing the projectionist has some pleasantly dickish line readings ; michael allen williams as the theater manager and casey kirkpatrick as enthusiastic film geek eric have some nice moments ) .
the premise is silly , even for a b horror flick
( also , it 's too bad dr eisner was unaware of project paperclip - he could 've saved himself a lot of trouble ! ) .
the ' zombies ' are non - threatening , and their makeup is unconvincing ( although the chunky zombie trying to get a gumball out of the machine raised a smile ) .
for a zombie fan film , there is very little blood or violence , although what there is , is handled pretty well .
the incidental music , while stylistically uneven , is kind of nice at times , and there are some good foley effects .
the ' time warp ' parody was a fun listen , although the images going along with it were less fun to watch .
unfortunately , the looped dialogue sounds flat .
was this shot non - sync ( doubtful , it looks like video through and through ) ?
i watched the special introduction by troma films ' lloyd kaufman before the main feature - although it consisted essentially of kaufman plugging his own stuff and admitting that he had n't seen the movie while someone mugged in a toxie mask , its production and entertainment values were higher than ' dead ... ' itself ( quick aside to whoever put the dvd together - the countdown on film leader beeps only on the flash - frame 2 , not on every number plus one more after ) .
for that matter , the vampire film theatregoers are seen watching early in ' dead ... ' looked a lot more entertaining than this .
recommendation to avoid , unless you know someone involved in the production or are an ardent lloyd kaufman completist ( he plays ' kaufman the minion ' in the film - within - a - film).(full disclosure : my girlfriend is an extra in this movie .
i swear this did not color my review . )
as a young black / latina woman i am always searching for movies that represent the experiences and lives of people like me .
of course when i saw this movie at the video store i thought i would enjoy it ; unfortunately , i did n't .
although the topics presented in the film are interesting and relevant , the story was simply not properly developed .
the movie just kept dragging on and on and many of the characters that appear on screen just come and go without much to contribute to the overall film .
had the director done a better job interconnecting the scenes , perhaps i would have enjoyed it a bit more .
honestly , i would recommend a film like " raising victor " over this one any day .
i just was not too impressed .
i have to admit i 've caught this one a few times on the usa network .
there 's just something about the , well , sheer stupidity of this flick which makes me want to watch it whenever it 's on .
yes , you 're right about the sub - par acting , the plot which only an seven year old could like , etc .
but i ca n't help feeling sympathetic toward some of the actors .
then again , a few of these actors signed up for the even more atrocious sequel .
bottom - of - the - freddy barrel .
this is the worst film in the series , beating " freddy 's revenge " for that title .
a cheap - looking ( with mediocre special effects ) , incoherent mess , with freddy turned into a punster .
he has one or two cool lines , but that does n't save this illogical and sloppy sequel .
i 'll say one thing for jeanette and nelson -- even when stranded in a mirthless , witless , painfully inept musical like this , there 's still that twinkle in their eyes .
yes , the chemistry between the famous duo is there even when the material is paper thin .
even when the score is practically a throwaway , non - existent one depending on just a couple of catchy tunes .
and even when the circumstances are so unbelievable -- yes , even for a fantasy .
truth to tell , she has more chemistry with nelson than with her own real - life husband gene raymond in smilin ' through , which , nonetheless , was a considerably better film .
sorry , i love jeanette and nelson as much as the next fan , but this is the bottom of the heap .
jeanette is more than embarrassing in her one " hep " number with binnie barnes -- and nelson can only come up with a blank stare when faced with the most ludicrous situations .
one can only wonder what this was like on broadway in 1938 .
surely , it must have had more wit and style than is evident in this weak mgm production .
edward everett horton fizzles in an unfunny role and none of the supporting players can breathe any semblance of life into this mess .
it 's like amateur night at the studio even with the few professionals sprinkled among the supporting cast .
summing up : painfully clumsy rendering of a rodgers and hart musical .
ca n't recommend it , even for fans of macdonald and eddy .
and even if jeanette 's close - ups still glow with her gossamer beauty , this film is jaw - droppingly bad .
this movie tries hard , but completely lacks the fun of the 1960s tv series , that i am sure people do remember with fondness .
although i am 17 , i watched some of the series on youtube a long time ago and it was enjoyable and fun .
sadly , this movie does little justice to the series .
the special effects are rather substandard , and this was n't helped by the flat camera - work .
the script also was dull and lacked any sense of wonder and humour .
other films with under - par scripting are home alone 4 , cat in the hat , thomas and the magic railroad and addams family reunion .
now i will say i liked the idea of the story , but unfortunately it was badly executed and ran out of steam far too early , and i am honestly not sure for this reason this is something for the family to enjoy .
and i was annoyed by the talking suit , despite spirited voice work from wayne knight .
but the thing that angered me most about this movie was that it wasted the talents of christopher lloyd , jeff daniels and daryl hannah , all very talented actors .
jeff daniels has pulled off some good performances before , but he did n't seem to have a clue what he was supposed to be doing , and elizabeth hurley 's character sadly came across as useless .
daryl hannah is a lovely actress and generally ignored , and i liked the idea of her being the love interest , but sadly you see very little of her,(not to mention the monster attack
is likely to scare children than enthrall them ) likewise with wallace shawn as some kind of government operative .
christopher lloyd acquits himself better , and as an actor i like lloyd a lot(he was in two of my favourite films clue and who framed roger rabbit , and i am fond of back to the future ) but he was given little to work with , and had a tendency to overact quite wildly .
overall , as much i wanted to like this movie , i was left unimpressed .
instead of being fun , it came across as pointless , and that is a shame because it had a lot of potential , with some talented actors and a good idea , but wasted with poor execution .
1/10 bethany cox
i saw this director 's " woman on the beach " and could not understand the good to great reviews .
this film is much like that one , two people who are caught in a relationship with very little dynamic and even less interest to anyone else .
like his other films , you have to want to listen to vacuous dialog , wade through very little and become enchanted with underwritten , pretty uninteresting characters .
if you feel you can like this film , do n't let my review stop you .
i do like minimalism in films , but i feel tsai ming - liang 's films are far superior .
he has a fairly terrific actor in lee kang - sheng in his films .
there is nothing here .
i wish iu liked it , but i do n't .
oh , well .
i saw brigadoon on tv last night ( 12 sept 2009 ) .
i am 61 years old and have been watching films as long as i can remember .
i can truthfully say that brigadoon stands alone as by far and away the worst film i have ever seen .
the accents were shameful .
the local children 's club would have produced better sets .
the characters were so wooden that they probably contracted dry rot from the tears of the patrons who had the misfortune to watch them .
it is to be hoped that the stars of this film had hides thick enough to protect them from the embarrassment which they must have suffered on seeing this film .
the owners of this tripe should perform a great service to mankind and destroy all copies of this film .
this one was marred by potentially great matches being cut very short .
the opening match was a waste of the legion of doom , but i guess the only way they could have been eliminated by demolition was a double - dq .
otherwise , mr. perfect would have had to put in overtime .
kerry von erich , the i - c champ , was wasted here .
and this was the third ppv in a row where perfect jobbed .
remember , before that he never lost a match .
the second match was very good , possibly the best of the night .
ted dibiase and the undertaker were excellent , while the jim neidhart had one of his wwf highlights , pinning the honky tonk man .
koko b. ware continued his tradition of being the first to put over a new heel ( remember the big bossman and yokozuna ? ) .
this was a foreshadowing of bret hart 's singles career , as he came back from two - on - one and almost survived the match .
he and dibiase put on a wrestling clinic , making us forget that the point of the match was dibiase 's boring feud with dusty rhodes .
even though the visionaries were the first team to have all of its members survive ( and only the second since ' 87 to have four survivors ) , this match was not a squash .
this was the longest match of the night , and jake did a repeat of his ' 88 performance when he was left alone against four men and dominated .
i think he could have actually pulled off an upset .
these days , the match would have ended the other way around .
one of the shortest ss matches ever was also one of its most surprising .
possibly the most underrated wrestler ever , tito santana was the inspirational wrestler of the night , putting on war paint and pinning boris zukhov , tanaka , and even the warlord in the final survival match .
it was so strange to see him put over so overwhelmingly , then go right back to his mediocre career .
slaughter also did well , getting rid of volkoff and the bushwhackers , but that just was n't a surprise .
tito was .
i think the only point of the survival match was to have hogan and the warrior win together at the end .
this show was boring and the matches were too short .
the undertaker 's debut was cool , but tito santana is the reason i will remember this one .
this movie is one of those i regret having invested 90 minutes of my life that i 'll never get back in .
the premise is really interesting - essentially it 's a zombie flick from the perspective of the undead ( let 's not split hairs as to whether they 're actually dead or not } .
unfortunately , they fail to deliver a compelling story within this framework .
the nearly unbearable monotony of the lives of the central characters may add to the realism of the film , but it sucks all the entertainment value right out of it .
if they had put a little more effort toward keeping the viewer engaged , it would have been much more likely that they drive home the social commentary .
jane eyre _ is one of the greatest novels in the english language and this screenwriter should of read it .
i hate it when writers use spark notes for what a novel is all about .
this movie is unbearable to watch if you have read the book .
the whole ' red room ' is so down played that i wonder why they even bother to put it in .
in the book the ' red room ' is foreshadowing for the whole story and the rest of jane 's life .
helen burns is treated so badly in the movie
i 'm sure she was happy to die and leave early .
in the book she is one of the most compelling characters and she was not the red head .
the whole christian theme is missing from her life and the rest of the movie .
do yourself a favor and miss this movie and read the story as charlotte bronte masterfully told it .
i just got back from this free screening , and this " osama witch project " is the hands - down worst film i 've seen this year , worse than even " catwoman " - which had the decency to at least pass itself off as fiction .
in " september tapes , " a " film crew " of " documentary journalists " heads to afghanistan - despite being thoroughly unprepared for the trip , the conditions and ,
oh yeah ,
the psychotic and ridiculous vendetta of their filmmaker leader to avenge his wife 's death on sept. 11 - to track down osama bin laden .
they " made " eight tapes on their journey , which now " document " their travels and , of course , their attempts to kill the terrorist leader .
( the eight tapes , thankfully , all end at points significant in the narrative , which is convenient for a " documentary .
")the psychotic , idiotic protagonist - who is given to long , significant speeches that he probably learned watching " macgyver " - cares nothing for his own life or the life of his innocent crew as he gets them further and further into danger through a series of completely dumb mishaps .
i do n't know why he did n't just wear a sign on his back that said " shoot me .
"the crew 's translator , supposedly their sensible voice - of - reason , does little more than whine and gets baffled as the idiot hero leads them into doom .
you wish they 'd brought along someone on their trip to call them all morons .
around " tape 4 , " i began rooting for the terrorists to shoot the film crew .
after a day at work , i sat down to relax and turned on the movie channels .
the movie came up on the guide and sounded interesting
so i tuned in just before it started .
the first 30 minutes were enough to make me interested , but the lack of acting ability in jamie foxx and the slow plot movement made me want to get up and find food during the movie .
if there is any credit to be given for acting in this movie it should go to david morse who at least tries to make the movie interesting .
all in all , do n't plan on impressing your friends by picking this one as a renter for a movie night .
i 'm sure to people watching this move outside of britian this film will be an entertaining watch , but for someone from the uk it 's painful in it 's errors .
right at the start of the film elijah wood gets off a tube at bank station , which has been trashed .
he says to his sister , who he 's meeting , " what happened here " and she replies " oh tottenham were in town yesterday " ! ! !
tottenham are in town already ..
they 're part of the town , they do n't have to go there !
and if tottenham fans wanted to fight other fans the last place on earth they 'd do it is bank station , where there are probably more security cameras than anywhere else in the world .
there are several other similar errors but the biggest failing for me is the actor who plays the lead hooligan .
he clearly decided it was n't worth trying to speak with an east end accent and instead opted for a dick van dyke style mock - ney which made my ears bleed .
it was accentuated by the fact the rest of his gang all spoke in the way you 'd expect west ham fans to speak .
this error made him unbelievable in the role and really spoilt the film .
i usually like comedy movies .
i really enjoy them .
but i do n't really get the point of " envy " .
i mean , it has a dull content / topic , and it 's not really funny .
although the acting is generally good , it 's not enough for the movie to get at least a bit interesting .
stiller and black do n't show all their talent in this movie .
so , if you 're about to rent a comedy , i suggest you definitely do n't go for this one .
unless you want to get bored , and i can see i 'm not the only one with this opinion , because even jack black apologized for it ( take a look at trivia ) .
this movie was extremely depressing .
the characters were so cold .
the mother , who is he main character , is everything but " motherly " .
ok , she was unhappy in her marriage and always put her husband and children first .
her husband dies .
she then goes to visit her son and meets this hunk who is sleeping with her daughter and ends up sleeping with him .
until this part , the movie is all right .
not excellent , but it can be watched .
the guy is charming and who can blame her ?
ok it 's not very motherly to sleep with your daughter 's lover but let 's blame that on the shock of losing her husband .
she becomes totally obsessed with the guy .
i think this is the part where i started to dislike the movie .
she 's always there wanting to please him in an " old fashioned way " with snacks while he is working on her son 's house ( i guess this is the only thing she ever learned to do ) , as if it was the only way she could get his attention .
the guy obviously is not very interested ( actually , it seems more like he considered sleeping with her a charitable activity ) and instead of being insulted by that , she continues to beg him to go to go to bed with her and to be nice to her when he becomes very abusive .
" i want to please you " , she tells him in a desperate way while he is insulting her very badly .
what outraged me in this movie , is the utter lack of self - respect the mother has for herself .
she tells craig something like " i am just a shapeless lump " the first time they sleep together .
this movie is an insult to women kind .
if it had been me , i would have bought myself a little object that would have brought me the same satisfaction and a lot less emotional pain ... :)
inappropriate .
the pg rating that this movie gets is yet another huge misstep by the mpaa .
whale rider gets a pg-13
but this movie gets a pg ?
please .
parents do n't be fooled , taking an elementary school child to this movie is a huge mistake .
there were numerous times
i found myself being uncomfortable not just because the humor was inappropriate for kids , but also because it was totally out of the blue and unnecessary .
but all that aside , the cat in the hat is still a terrible movie .
the casting and overall look of the movie are the only saving graces .
the beautiful kelly preston and the always likeable ( or hateable in this case )
alec baldwin are both good in their roles even though preston is almost too beautiful for a role like this .
the kids are conditioned actors and it shows , especially with dakota fanning .
fanning is the only human aspect of the film that kept me watching and not throwing things at the screen .
did i mention there was an oversized talking cat in this movie ?
mike myers is absolutely deplorable .
i did n't like him as the voice of shrek , and i truly believe now that myers should not be allowed near the realm of children 's films ever again .
his portrayal of the cat is a slightly toned down version of fat bastard and austin powers .
in the end , the cat should not have come , he should have stayed away , but he came , even if just for a day , he ruined 82 minutes of my life , 82 minutes of personal anger and strife .
the cat in the hat may be the worst kids movie ever .
i can say nothing more about this movie than : man , this sucks ! ! ! ! !
if you really hate yourself and want to do some severe damage to your brain , watch this movie .
it 's the best cure in the world for taking away happiness .
when i started watching this film , i was completely happy .
afterwords i could feel my brain melting , like it was struck by molten lava .
god , i hate that stupid dinosaur .
so if you want severe brain damage : watch this movie , it will do the trick .
i watched this movie when joe bob briggs hosted monstervision on tnt .
even he could n't make this movie enjoyable .
the only reason i watched it until the end is because i teach video production
and i wanted to make sure my students never made anything this bad ...
but it took all my intestinal fortitude to sit through it though .
it 's like watching your great grandmother flirting with a 15 year old boy ... excruciatingly painful .
if you took the actual film , dipped it in paint thinner , then watched it
, it would be more entertaining .
seriously .
if you see this movie in the bargin bin at s - mart , back away from it as if it were a rattlesnake .
words can not begin to describe how blandly terrible this movie is .
i wish it were " so bad it 's good , " but it 's not .
it 's just dull , lifeless , and boring .
it 's so bad i could n't even laugh at it .
in response to other posters , anne - marie frigon is not the highlight of the movie .
the only person less charismatic is the director brett kelly , who as a true statement on vanity , cast himself as the male lead .
they both look like inbreeds , sister and brother .
the gal , sherry thurig , is a looker .
the complete opposite of anne - marie - attractive .
this girl is tall and willowy , and can act .
although you can tell she 's holding back .
all the actors seem to be holding back , especially the supporting male , mark .
i 've seen less wood in a rain forest , but he 's still better than kelly .
why would kelly keep his actors from acting ?
is he really that bad a director ?
everyone else has summed the story up perfectly - there is n't one .
kids are kidnapped and kelly steps in poo to solve the crime .
i know how he felt stepping in the poo , it 's how i felt after watching his movie .
yes , i tried to get my money back from the rental store .
this is a home movie best left to be seen by the friends of the director ( and if you search them out , you 'll see those same friends were the one who gave the movie positive marks ) .
florence chadwick was actually the far more accomplished swimmer , of course .
she swam the english channel both directions .
she swam from catalina island to the california coast .
marilyn bell 's is a sweet story , but the usual glorification of us canadians in the face of a superior world .
another sample of our inferiority complex .
our political system works pretty well and the health system allows people not to die in hospital lobbies .
that 's pretty good .
better than lebanon .
what should we do about hockey though ... ?
and curling .
the notion of calling this a sport , of its inclusion in the olympics ... !
ah , but we digress ...
this was n't what i wanted to see .
i bought this on dvd and under the movie
i found myself irritated and turned off the movie for a moment .
heres what i did n't like:1
they were shooting at the father2
the tribes was really annoying3 the dinosaurs ( mostly)looked to faked4
the bad scientist
well he was annoying5
the picture quality on the dvd was really badwhat
i did like :
the music by jerry goldsmith .
this music is really great .
i have the bootleg soundtrack from this movie .
sadly the sound quality is not good , but its ok for its time.2
the first time we see the dinosaurs they inspire a sort of awe.3 baby is kinda cute when he is in the water and is playing4
that funny scene with the tent .
the children who sees this film would hopefully learn that evil always loses .
it just seems bizarre that someone read this script , and thought , " this is funny !
i mean , it 's so hilarious
it just has to be made !
" who was this person ?
is he or she the person really responsible for this ?
are they the one 's who owe me for my time , more so than the director / writer?this film stinks in most every way possible .
there 's no one shred of good dialogue , and not one likable character .
and the story ...
i prefer the 2nd worst movie ever
, hulk hogan 's " no hold 's barred " to this by quite a considerable degree .
it seems almost shakespearen in comparison .
the ending is padded out with several minutes of outtakes , and it 's still under 80 minutes .
the outtakes include cast members laughing at the ' hilarious ' mistakes they 've made , and things that went wrong on the set of this ' comedy . '
glad to see someone laughing in someway , with some connection to this ' film .
'nothing in this film is funny .
nothing .
it just goes on , and on .
it 's truly that lame .
i love films that are so bad they 're good .
this is so bad it's ... something , but i do n't know what , and hopefully will never find out .
amanda peet does n't suck outright , and is in fact the only half good thing about this wannabe film .
but , that really means little .
avoid at all costs .
an absolute steaming pile of cow dung .
it 's mind - blowing to me that this film was even made .
hip - hop and old westerns just do n't seem to mix .
what target audience were these people thinking of when planning this trainwreck .
not only is the concept and plot a joke , but the acting is atrocious and the fact that some decent actors were even in this nightmare of a film makes their entire careers a laughing stock .
the chick from clueless should never be forgiven and she is stripped of any remaining dignity she had .
after reading the first ten pages of dialogue she should have been asking which one of her friends was playing this sick joke .
after some research , i actually found a list of some other actors who passed on this film : jada pinkett - smith , denzel washington , brandy , monique , kim kardasian , jenna jameson , oprah , and finally marge simpson .
simply put , i would rather stare at a blank tv than watch this movie again .
once upon a time there was a science fiction author named h. beam piper who wrote a classic book named " little fuzzy " which was about a man discovering a race of adorable little fuzzy humanoids on another planet .
mr. piper died in 1964 , but hollywood and many of today 's authors starting looting his grave before his cadaver got cold .
this is the book where they got the idea for ewoks from .
skullduggery is such a blatant ripoff of " little fuzzy
" i can wonder why i 'm the only who 's ever
noticed?but
do n't take my word for it .
here 's a link to project guntenberg where you can download a copy of " little fuzzy " for free : http://www.gutenberg.org/ebooks/18137
a failure .
the movie was just not good .
it has humor that 5 year olds that will not even giggle at .
i mean , sure , some parts were amusing , but most of it is not .
lindsey lohan is a great actress ( and a bad singer , ) and she should be working on better movies .
the movie should have been aired as a disney channel original movie , that is free.the only thing that was well done about this movie was the music .
nothing like a remade rock soundtrack to brighten up your day .
these songs are so good .
especially alyson and amanda 's walking on sunshine and caleigh peter 's , beach boy song ,
fun fun fun.4 out of 10 .
if i gave it a ten , 9 of that would be the music and 1 will be the movie .
not worth your money , but the soundtrack is .
* * * warning !
spoilers contained herein !
this is a semi - autobiographical look at what might happen to madonna if she were ever to be stranded on a deserted island .
there 's absolutely no challenge to madonna in this role , and it shows .
she 's just madonna playing madonna , and she ca n't even get that right .
i know what you 're saying , you 're saying , " how do you know this is what madonna is really like
, you 've never met her ! "
correct , i have n't , but we all remember " truth or dare " , do n't we ?
i know kevin costner does .
you would think , in the year 2002 , that madonna might have learned something , one way or the other , from the " crossover " ladies that have also made their way across the silver screen .
for goodness ' sake , has n't madonna seen " glitter " ?
mariah carey showed the film world how it is done ! ! !
mariah kicks madonna 's trashy butt to the curb in beauty , talent , screen presence , charisma , characterization , you name it !
all we see from this glimpse into madonna 's world is she 's the only one in it .  
if there 's one thing to be said for madonna , it is that she 's consistent .
when she was an mtv darling , she set the world of women 's fashion back 20 years .
now , in film , she has set women 's roles in film and society back 20 years , by glamourizing all the most hated , horrible , reprehensible , odious qualities women have been reputed to have locked away inside them , qualities they have been so desperately trying to prove they really do n't possess .
here 's the spoilers ! ! !
don't read any further if you don't want to know ...
here 's the one good thing i will say about this film , and i really was impressed by it .
they did n't go for the " hollywood ending " - madonna 's character lives .
in the typical , happy hollywood ending , madonna 's character would have died on the island , and her long - suffering , oppressed , whipped husband would have been free to finally settle down with a good , decent woman , a woman who would be the exact opposite of his deceased wife , and they both live happily ever after .
but in this extremely depressing conclusion , she is rescued , and once more , this poor victim of a husband is once again saddled with his demon of a wife , and his life will once again become a living hell .
here endeth
the spoilers
i was n't terribly impressed with dante 's 1st season offering in " homecoming " , it was n't much of a horror story , but rather a smart political statement with the undead .
screwfly situation is the story of a virus unleashed on the world that causes men 's sexual drive to replaced with murderous tendencies toward women .
the episode starts out all right with a short film explaining the way the screw fly was killed of by scientists .
then there is short scene where a man is arrested when females bodies are discovered in his home .
i assume this is supposed to show the beginning of the outbreak , but is unclear because this is never revisited .
the episode go ons for a while introducing characters blah blah blah .
it seems cool and mysterious but the episode stars to get worse and worse as it lurches forward until its sad and unsatisfying end .
the worst episode .
well , except for chocolate .
i 've always been a great fan of woody allen and always will be for most of what he did in the past , but only a blind lover could ignore how dull , meaningless , pretentious and most of all horrendously acted this movie is .
a vacuous mental masturbation based on inconsistent grounds .
and what a disastrous idea to artificially recreate a presumed " actor allen - clone " , that is putting into will farrell 's mouth and gestures what allen would have done in farrell 's place
had he been 30 years younger .
the outcome was obviously ludicrous .
and not to speak of the dialogues ... what was intended to be philosophical reflections turned into an involuntary mockery of intellectual pondering , unaware of its comic effect .
how sad ...
although bette davis did a wonderful job as mildred , i felt that the film was n't the best i had seen .
at the end of the movie i was left feeling like there was something missing in it .
bette davis did a perfect job , though , and she made me hate her and pity her all the while .
leslie howard did very good as the lovelorn philip carey , and i so pitied him throughout the movie for being in love with such a horrible dame .
it 's such a sad thing when one finds him / herself in love with a bad seed .
and especially if it 's someone like philp carey , who is a sensitive person , though pathetic .
in the end , the acting was what came through and not the plot .
the ending scene was particularly good , but i am not one to give it away .
although others may find this movie good , i was one who found it
so - so .
i should recommend this movie to those who like a bad seed so they can see what may happen to them if they find themselves in love with that horrible person .
i am very disappointed with this movie because i like these french actors and i liked " buffet froid " from this director ( bertrand blier )
but the script of " les acteurs " is very poor .
why these actors they agreed to play this poor scenario .
the pakage implies that warren beatty and goldie hawn are pulling off a huge bank robbery , but that 's not what i got out of it !
i did n't get anything !
in the first half there 's a new character ( without introduction ) in every other scene .
the first half - hour is completely incomprehensible , the rest is just one long , annoying , underlit chase scene .
there 's always an irritating sound in the background whether it 's a loud watch ticking , a blaring siren , a train whistling , or even the horrible score by quincy jones .
there are a lot of parts that are laughably bad , too .
like , the bad guys chasing beatty on thin ice with a car !
or , the police arriving at the scene roughly fifteen times .
i really hated this movie !
generally over rated movie which boasts a strong cast and some clever dialog and of course dean martin songs .
problem is nicholas cage , there is no chemistry between he and cher and they are the central love story .
cher almost makes up for this with her reactions to cage 's shifting accent and out of control body language .
cage simply never settles into his role .
he tries everything he can think of and comes across as an actor rather than real person and that 's what 's needed in a love story .
cage has had these same kind of performance problems in other roles that require more of a jimmy stewart type character .
cage keeps taking these roles , perhaps because he likes those kind of movies but his own energy as an actor does n't lend itself to them , though he 's gotten better at it with repeated attempts .
he should leave these type of roles to less interesting actors who would fully commit to the film and spend his energy and considerable talent in more off beat roles and films where he can be his crazy interesting self .
first of all , let 's get a few things straight here :
i am an anime fan-
always has been as a matter of fact ( i used to watch speed racer all the time in preschool ) .
b ) i do like several b - movies because they 're hilarious .
i like the godzilla movies- a lot .
moving on , when the movie first comes on , it seems like it 's going to be your usual b - movie , down to the crappy fx , but all a sudden- boom !
the anime comes on !
this is when the movie goes wwwaaaaayyyyy downhill .
the animation is very bad & cheap , even worse than what i remember from speed racer , for crissakes !
in fact , it 's so cheap , one of the few scenes from the movie i " vividly " remember is when a bunch of kids run out of a school ...
& it 's the same kids over & over again !
the fx are terrible , too ; the dinosaurs look worse than godzilla .
in addition , the transition to live action to animation is unorganized , the dialogue & voices(especially the english dub that i viewed ) was horrid & i was begging my dad to take the tape out of the dvd/ vhs player ; the only thing that kept me surviving was cracking out jokes & comments like the robots & joel
/ mike on mst3 k
( you pick the season ) .
honestly , this is the only way to barely enjoy this movie & survive it at the same time .
heck , i 'm planning to show this to another fellow otaku pal of mine on halloween for a b - movie night .
because it 's stupid , pretty painful to watch & unintentionally hilarious at the same time , i 'm giving this movie a 3/10 , an improvement from the 0.5/10 i was originally going to give it.(according to my grading scale :
3/10 means pretty much both boring & bad .
as fun as counting to three unless you find a way to make fun of it , then it will become as fun as counting to 15 . )
at the end of the film i just asked myself : " is it the worse movie i have ever seen or is it the worse movie i have ever seen ? " .
and the answer is ...
actually , after having seen this movie and thought a bit about the meaning of it , you just ca n't find any meaning and you can only remember the two rape scenes , which are unbelievably brutal and useless .
it seems to me as if the director tried to push this question into the crowd 's head : " what are such crimes compared to horror of war and extermination ? " because i noticed that the two awful scenes where directly connected to war
and it 's horrors ( during the first scene you can here the girl that is being raped screaming and in the same time you hear one of president bush 's speeches about the necessity of starting a war with iraq and in the second scene , the pictures of the three criminals sticking a sword in a woman 's vagina , are directly followed by archive pictures of world war ii .
but as a matter of facts , i really could not think about the relative gravity of these s two different kinds of human horror 's expression , being done i was too shocked by what i had just seen and felt .
( sorry for bad english )
insignificant and low - brained ( haha ! )
80 's horror like there are thirteen in a dozen , yet it can be considered amusing if you watch it in the right state of mind .
the special effects are tacky , the acting atrocious and the screenplay seems to miss a couple of essential paragraphs ! "
the brain " takes place in a typical quiet - american town setting , where every adolescent works in the same diner and where the cool - kid in high school flushes cherry bombs down the toilet .
it is here that a tv - guru named dr. blake and his adorable pet - brain begin their quest for nation - wide mind controlling .
under the label of " independent thinkers " , a giant cheesy brain sends out waves through television sets and forces innocent viewers to kill !
how cool is that ?
now , it 's up to the meadowvale teen - rebel to save the world !
the funniest thing about the plot is that it never explains where dr. blake and his monstrous brain actually come from .
there are obvious references towards extraterrestrial life but that 's about it .
meh , who needs a background in a movie like this , really ?
there 's not that much bloodshed unfortunately and
the " evil " brain looks like an over - sized sock - puppet .
the only more or less interesting element for horror buffs is taking a look at the cast and crew who made this movie .
director ed hunt and writer barry pearson are the same men who made " bloody birthday " ( guilty pleasure of mine ) and " plague " .
both those are much better movies and they wisely decided to resign the film industry .
the most familiar face in the cast unquestionably is the great david gale , whom horror fans will worship forever for his role in re - animator .
a girl named christine kossak provides the nudity - factor
and she 's obviously a great talent  
she has exactly 3 movies on her repertoire of which this is her " masterpiece " .
in her debut , she was credited as ' runaway model ' and in " 3 men and a baby " , her character is referred to as ' one of jack 's girls ' .
i really wonder how she feels about her career as an actress 
i usually do n't comment anything ( i read the others opinions ) ...
but this , this one i _ have _ to comment ...
i was convinced do watch this movie by worlds like action , f-117 and other hi - tech stuff , but by only few first minutes
and i changed my mind ...
lousy acting , lousy script and a big science fiction .
it 's one of the worst movies i have ever seen ...
simply ... do n't bother ...
and one more thing , before any movie i usually check user comments and rating on this site ...
3.7 points
and i give this movie a try
, now i 'm wondering who rate this movie by giving it more than 2 points ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
johnathan frakes is a good actor and , when he 's not directing a family film , a fine director .
but , he really should n't have directed this movie , and the screenplay should 've been rejected .
the director and writers must understand what the original tv show was really about , as well as who the characters were and how they worked .
the original series had many episodes with razor - sharp writing using good dialogue and with situations that american producers would never consider using in children 's programming , much less a movie , which made the original series so well received by adults .
i mean , the tracys were college graduates and some of them did even drank alcohol and smoked tobacco !
and , there were characters who did get killed , although most were bad guys .
if they had written it the way that it was originally done , which is n't dumbing things down with poor dialogue , kindergarten humor , and a weak plot , this universal / studio canal joint venture would n't have such bad reviews .
this motion picture is almost pure blasphemy .
if you 've seen the original supermarionation series , then you 'll know what i 'm talking about !
the first thing that was out of place and annoying were the constant references to ford motor company , even going so far that lady penelope was riding around in a disfigured ford thunderbird made up to look like
fab-1 instead of using what would 've been more appropriate considering ms. penelope 's station ( not to mention being more faithful to the original ) , a rolls - royce fab-1 .
she 's supposed to be a distinguished member of british society , hence the preference for england 's finest make of motorcars in the original series .
one other reviewer here indicated that penelope would n't be caught dead in a ford .
he 's pretty much right in the context that the idea of her riding in a ford does n't work .
at least they could have had penelope ride in a jaguar made up like fab 1 since jaguar is a british car
make that is owned by ford , but
they had to use a straight ford !
but the ford product placement does n't end there .
every single car you may see is a ford !
even the news flash that is shown on the tv sets in the movie were sponsored by ford !
ford , ford , ford !
the predominance of ford vehicles makes this movie an obvious marketing vehicle for ford .
the original series had a design that was futuristic for the 1960s and still remains ahead of its time even today .
but , the futuristic design in the original series worked because there was an effort to make the design look practical and functional .
this kind of treatment did n't exist in the movie , where everything is stylized to excess , defeating the sense of functionality and practicality .
a lot of things that were done in the design of the movie were done strictly for style , many times with no sense of function to give that style a sense of reason .
the original series relied on good acting performances of the voice talent to overcome the limited expressions in the puppets , bringing them to life in the episodes .
the brilliant and lively music score by barry gray helped even further to connect the audience with the story , the characters , and how everything came together to help achieve the super objective ( a little bit of stanislavski talk ) .
the movie , on the other hand , had some overly grating performances .
anthony edwards overplayed brains to a fault , bill paxton as jeff tracy just did n't work despite decent acting ( one of few ) , there were better choices for the hood than ben kingsley , and many others that i do n't care to mention ( it would take too long ) .
quite simply , the puppets were more believable !
second was the overly generic and underwhelming music score by hans zimmer , sounding more like a mix between " days of thunder " and " apollo 13 . "
and , of course , the hood .
the hood in the original series had an ability to communicate with kyrano through a statue of kyrano as an outlet for esp contact .
but , that was where his extraordinary capability ended .
he 's a master of disguise and deception , which allows him to sneak around undetected ( for the most part , anyways ) to gather information of the thunderbirds vehicles for his own means .
he also uses weapons for his own defense , including pistols , and generally collects information using a film camera , although he tried to steal thudnerbirds 1 and 2 in the 1960s united artists release of " thunderbird 6 " ( which was the last thunderbirds show filmed in supermarionation and was the second thunderbirds theatrical release ) .
but , while he is a nemesis of international rescue , the hood is n't the villain in every thunderbirds episode and he tends to avoid direct confrontation with international rescue .
in the movie , he 's obviously the main villain , but he and his cohorts seem to act more like morons , along with the hood having extended mind control ability , including the ability to move objects and move himself into flight for brief periods of time .
this totally deviates from the hood as a character in the original series with one that may leave kids laughing and people familiar with the series scratching their heads in confusion or leaving the theater in disgust .
there are more criticisms , but the 1000 word limit for imdb reviews will not allow me to list all of them .
so , i will close with the point being made that i did n't enjoy this movie .
as a matter of fact , i think it sucks !
having seen the original series and supermarionation movies
( thunderbirds are go , thunderbird 6 ) , i was hoping for something a lot better than this .
the original supermarionation was a lot more sophisticated and elegant than this live action farce .
( and that 's saying it nicely . )
- kip wells
the trailers get you to the movie , but the movie just was n't worth my 8.50 ..
it has some good effects , but the storyline ..
yech , i like tommy lee jones and will smith as actors , they have both done some good films , but i wish they had n't added this one to their resume 's .
to be honest , the book is better ..
i have not seen many low budget films i must admit , but this is the worst movie ever probably , the main character the old man talked like
, he had a lobotomy and lost the power to speak more than one word every 5 seconds , a 5 year old could act better .
the story had the most awful plot , and well the army guy had put what he thought was army like
and then just went over the top
, i only watched it to laugh at how bad it was , and hoped it was leading onto the real movie .
i ca nt believe it was under the 2 night rental thing at blockbusters , instead of a please take this for free and get it out of our sight .
i think there was one semi decent actor other than the woman , i think the only thing ok with the budget was the make up , but they show every important scene of the film in the beginning music bit .
awful simply awful .
this has to be some of the worst direction i 've seen .
the close - up can be a very powerful shot , but when every scene consists of nothing but close - ups , it loses all its impact .
tony scott has some very beautiful scenery to work with , the backdrops of mexico , the cantinas , the beautiful estate where anthony quinn lives , and the dusty towns costner rolls through on his journey for revenge .
unfortunately we only catch quick glimpses of these places before the camera cuts to a picture of a big , giant head .
even the transition scenes where costner is driving alone across mexico quickly cut to a close - up .
the score is over - dramatic and intrusive , dictating every emotion we should feel .
the story itself should have been handled much better .
among other things , too many people pop up out of nowhere to help costner along - it 's just bad writing .
it 's a typical thriller storyline , but many others have taken the same premise and done outstanding things with it .
costner 's no way out had a somewhat similar storyline , but it was a much better movie .
the ending was completely anticlimactic and suffered from the most melodramatic scoring of the film .
this movie was never going to be great , but if we saw more of mexico and less of giant heads this film might have been watchable .
this has to be one of the worst films i have ever seen .
the dvd was given to me free with an order i placed online for non dvd related items .
no wonder they were given away , surely no one could part with money for this drivel .
how some reviewers can say they found it hilarious beggars belief ,
the person who includes it in the worst five films ever has got it spot on .
how on earth a talented actor like philip seymour hoffman could get involved in this rubbish is unbelievable .
mostly toilet humour and badly done at that .
anyone wanting to be entertained should avoid this at all costs .
hmm   i agree with the reviewer who said that " strange people with generous tastes have been reviewing this film " .
i thought the film was intriguing enough to watch it .
i think that was primarily because of marsden and speedman - not the plot .
the bottom line is that this film is mildly psychologically tantalizing on the one hand and profoundly homophobic on the other .
thumbs up on the former and triple thumbs down on the latter .
i 'm not sure if the film is intended to promote dialogue or to spread fear and propaganda .
i thought the acting was mediocre .
a lot of conversation that was about 90 degrees askew of reality .
i kept wanting to derive some meaning from the plot , but it 's ultimately just a conversation with a mad man ( speedman ) .
i feel mildly sorry for him ( speedman ) because of his loss , but not really .
his loss is no greater and certainly is less than losses suffered every day around the world by more significant causes .
does the film expose naiveté about hiv / aids ?
that of the intended audience .
is hiv a dark , mysterious , evil killer ?
what about it 's victims ?
the answer to both questions is no .
neither hiv nor its victims have any more or less malevolent intent than lupus , multiple sclerosis , tb , hepatitis , cancer , or their victims , for god 's sake .
just because a disease is communicable does not make it either deliberate or negligent - or evil
- it just is.does
this excuse ignorance or fool - hardy risk taking ?
- no .
should all people practice safe sex ?
- yes .
will safe sex save the world ?
- no .
is safe sex realistic in all instances of love and lust between passionate and emotional human beings ?
of course
what kind of a world would we live in if everyone followed the rules , no one ever took risks , and sex was never spontaneous and passionate ? ? ?
am i ignoring that the film deals specifically with gay sex ?
hiv is spread by sharing blood or bodily fluids between infected and non - infected individuals .
sex is not necessary for transmission , gay or otherwise .
i'm always disturbed by willful violence of one person upon another .
i actually thought the film did do a good job of portraying the absurdity of tom 's violent abduction , captivity , and intent towards dan , and this kind of insane violence does occur every day .
stream of consciousness notes from the film :
tom is crazy .
why does n't dan ask " why " do you feel this way , rather than " what are you doing " ?
implication :
men who have sex with men get " aids " implication : hiv =
where was tom 's responsibility in the sex act ?
why was it dan 's responsibility to use the condom ?
" maybe you slipped it off before you stuck it in 
" what are we talking about here ?
was one of the parties unconscious ?
" maybe she did n't want to hear the truth " are you kidding me " she 's up in heaven and so unbelievably hurt about what she now knows about me "  right  
is dan 's life over if he has hiv ?
certainly not !
is this why the whole world is so homophobic ? ? ? ?
they think gay men are the cause of hiv , that they will give it to the rest of the world , and we will all die  
are you kidding me ? ? ?
are people really stupid enough to think that homosexuality is the cause ... is the problem ? ? ?
do we feel that way about the victims of tuberculosis ?
of malaria ?
i can see that tom is hurt because of his wife 's death , and he blames it on aids , but seriously   who 's at fault here ?
the victim or the virus ?
are illnesses really the responsibility of the ill ?
( presuming they did not seek and did not seek to spread the disease).sure , safe sex is essential to a safe life , but so is not - driving , not - flying , not - leaving the house , not - living .
do we really want to blame the disease on the victims ?
would safe sex between tom and dan have prevented tom 's wife 's ultimate demise ?
perhaps , but not dan 's sole responsibility .
tom is crazy .
did i mention that .
tom to dan : " maybe you get what you deserve "  
come on !
24 days : violent , naïve , and homophobic .
am i overreacting ?
perhaps .
but i think this film points a judging finger at gay men for their reckless and malevolent intent towards a " straight world " by practicing unsafe sex , when the rate of homosexuals practicing safe sex is proportionately equivalent or better than that of heterosexuals .
we all need to wake up and get serious about hiv / aids .
hiv is killing hundreds of thousands of straight africans every year .
first , the cgi in this movie was horrible .
i watched it during a marathon of bad movies on the scifi channel .
at the end when the owner of the park gets killed , it 's probably one of the worst examples of cgi i have even seen .
even night of the living dead had better animation .
that said , the movie had almost no plot .
why were they on that island in particular ?
well , it was n't stated in the movie .
and , why would the people keep coming into the cat 's area ?
makes no sense .
one thing that stood out in this movie was moderately good acting .
in what could be called a " b made for tv movie " movie , the acting was very good .
parry shen stood out in particular .
if you have absolutely nothing to do on a saturday , watch this movie .
it may be good for some memorable quotes .
i should have known when i looked at the box in the video store and saw lisa raye - to me , she 's the female ernie hudson a.k.a.
" le kiss of death " for * any * movie .
its almost * guaranteed * the movie will be bad ( e.g. congo)if hudson is in it ( with the exception of the ghostbusters films , which were intentionally campy and bad ) .
despite my instincts , and the fact that i just saw civil brand , yet another cinematic " tour de force " starring lisa raye , i rented it anyway .
after all , i ignored my " hudson instinct " on oz and ended up watching a very quality series
so i figured i 'd give this movie a chance .
if you are a lover of bad movies , this is a definite must see !
this has got to be the most unintentionally funny movie i 've seen in a loooong time .
the plot is fairly straightforward : racheal 's ( monica calhoun ) sister is killed by a band of brigands ( led by bobby brown ! )
and , like many an action movie before this , she straps on her guns one last time and vows to avenge her sisters death .
to do this , she reassembles the titular gang of roses ( supposedly based on a true story of a female gang ) and they go out and exact revenge and ,
along the way , there 's some subplot or something or other about some gold that might be buried in the town .
one nice thing i will say about this movie is that from what i could tell , the stars did their own riding and they looked great galloping .
the funniest ( albiet unintentionally funny ) scenes ?
look for when they introduce stacy dash 's character or when calhoun 's character rescinds her vow not to strap on her guns ( replete with a clenched fisted cry to the heavens ) or lil ' kim 's character joking with lisa raye 's character or stacy dash 's character being killed or lil ' kim 's character convincing lisa raye 's character to rejoin the gang or the asian chick or macy grey 's character talking bout
" the debt is paid " , etc .
with the exception of calhoun 's racheal and bobby brown 's left - eye , i ca n't even remember the names of the other characters cuz i was laughing so hard when they were introduced .
if the director had gone for parody and broad comedy this would have been a great movie .
unfortunately , he tries to take it seriously seemingly without first taking exposition , sound design ( in his defense , hip - hop is notoriously difficult to work into a period piece ) , set design , script writing nor period historical research ( was it me , or were these the cleanest people with the whitest teeth in the old west ? ) seriously .
usually when i see a movie that 's not so good , i ask myself " could you have done any better ? "
this is the first time in a long time where the answer is an unequivocal " yes ! "
they should have named this movie ...
blonde women that needed to get their roots colored .
also the main character , geeze , the too tight sweaters .
the giggling .
thought the guy did a good job though .
i keep hoping we 'll find a good 8 star christmas movie to watch this week .
the dart throwing .
had to laugh at that too .
we 've still got 3 more on the dvr to watch , maybe we 'll get lucky .
oh yeah , i figured the guy out pretty quickly and nailed it when he picked up the flowers and then drove out with his cousin .
i told my daughter they were on their way to the cemetery .
and how stupid was it that the two gals followed them there spying on them ?
creepy .
another in a long line of flicks made by people who think that knowing how to operate a camera is the same as telling a story .
within 15 minutes , the entire premise is laid out in just a few lines , so there is absolutely no mystery , which eliminates a whole facet of the suspense .
the only half - way competent actor is killed 10 minutes into the film , so we 're left with stupid characters running around doing stupid things .
low budget films ca n't afford expensive special effects , so the cgi portions are unsurprisingly unimpressive , but were at least a valid attempt .
the creature suit is terrible , as seen when it falls to the sidewalk , and the director keeps emphasizing the eyes , which are n't even the red color shown in mirror shots .
the dialogue is clumsy and uninspired , with some lines reminiscent of aliens or terminator .
the last action sequence takes place in a police station , also a rip - off from terminator , with everyone hiding in the one glass lined office that the darkwolf does n't smash into .
in the end , the girl calls the hero " a good protector " , but he gets both his partners , the original protector , and at least three other civilians , not to mention a dozen cops , all killed without getting a decent shot off , in spite of an arsenal of silver bullets and a submachine gun .
but here 's the real clincher for bad writing : they could have killed the beast right after the beginning credits when it was holding the stripper while flashing its red eyes .
instead , they took it into custody ? ! ?
who could possibly have wished for a sequel to bert i. gordon 's legendary bad trash - film " food of the gods " ?
nobody , of course , but director damien lee thought it was a good idea , anyway , and he put together a belated sequel that stands as one of the most redundant movies in horror history .
" gnaw " is a sequel in name only , as the setting moved to a typical late 80 's location ( a university campus ) and also the cheap & cheesy gore effects perfectly illustrates the 80 's .
this script hangs together by clichés , awfully written dialogs and plot situations that are not so subtly stolen from other ( and more successful ) horror classics .
neil hamilton is a goody two shoes scientist who performs growing - experiments on ordinary rodents in order to do a fellow scientist a favor .
due to some incredibly stupid animal rights activists , the huge and ravenous rats escape and devour pretty much everyone on campus .
following the good old tradition that spielberg 's " jaws " started , there 's an obnoxious dean who refuses to admit the problem even though severely mutilated corpses are turning up everywhere .
during a hysterically grotesque climax , the rats invade the opening ceremony of the campus ' new sport complex ! "
gnaw : food of the gods 2 " is terribly bad and
therefore a lot of fun to watch !
the characters do and say unimaginably stupid stuff ( like descending into the sewers unarmed while they know it 's infested with rats ) , the acting is atrocious and there 's a genuinely bizarre sequence involving the hero having sex under the influence of growth - serum !
i wonder what freud 's theory would be on that !
there 's a satisfying amount of gore and sleaze and  it has to be said  the music is surprisingly atmospheric .
in case you just ca n't get enough of this junk , there are quite a lot of creature - features revolving on mutated rats , like the italian schlock film
" rats : night of terror " , the modest 70 's cult film " willard " and its lame sequel " ben " , the 2003 " willard " remake starring crispin glover and the surprisingly good recent rat - movies by once - famous directors
tibor ticaks ( " rats " ) and john lafia ( " the rats " ) .
go nuts !
i was so eager to see this one of my favorite tv shows .
i saw universal trademark followed with a newly acquainted title and theme song which still impress me .
computer animation on some scenery like a solid title
name"the jetsons " or a dimension view of a spaceship approaching an amusement park and more made this version splendid and fantastic .
shortly after that till the end ... i could n't believe my eyes!!!!how lucky
i was that i could forget all i had seen .
just songs by tiffany and its theme song in new arrangement were in my head .
anyway , i wish to see this space - aged family ( also the flintstones and yogi bear ) in all graphic computer design as toy story or bug 's life .
the best style for hanna - barbera 's in my opinion .
i love the music of the clash and i love the music of joe strummer and the mescaleros .
i went to this movie hoping to learn about the man behind most of that .
but i came out of the theatre not knowing much more about joe than i already did after reading the entry on wikipedia .
the movie never really gets through to the person , his thoughts and feelings .
what they did was to collect the little material that they had , shaky blurry videos and to interview some people about joe strummer at a camp fire .
it turns out that most of these people knew him very little or not at all , and that the director just wanted them in the movie in order to have some more celebrities say , " oh , he was such an inspiration to all of us " .
like bono or johnny depp ( whom they seemingly asked to keep his pirate costume on to benefit from his current success in pirates of the caribbean ) .
it seems that the director could not even wait until the body was cold before he jumped in to sell his version of " the greatest punk rocker and hippie at heart " that ever lived , sanctifying the person without really knowing enough about him .
sure , being a fan i enjoyed seeing the images of the band , hearing the anecdotes behind the songs and such , but in the end i felt like what remained as
the portrait of joe strummer could have easily been told in 60 - 90 minutes .
go see the movie if you are a fan , otherwise better listen to some music of the clash or even better the undeservedly unknown mescaleros , where joe strummer reached the peak of his musical development before his death , melting all his rich influences together to one amazing sound .
" john hughes ' son wrote a high school drama !
wow ! "
i thought as i checked the flick 's info here on imdb , late on a saturday night , having found myself watching the opening credits on bbc2.i've
just finished watching it , and sadly it was downhill from there on .
arguably you ca n't spoil a film this poor , but i 'll leave the spoilers out of this review ...
there 's an awful lot of style over very little substance : unfortunately the style has n't dated too well in the eight years since its release .
as for the substance , the film tries to pose an interesting look at the nature of control in society through the microcosm of school - life ; but beneath the shiny veneer , a remotely meaningful or relevant argument fails to materialise .
characters are painted in childishly broad strokes , falling into the kind of generic stereotypes the writer 's father sought to question in breakfast club .
director kyle cooper does a decent job keeping the pace up ( perhaps relying a little too much on montages of information , which soon becomes a tiresome device , but at least pushes the story along ) , but his efforts do n't sufficiently detract from the poor script and bizarre casting
( how anyone is supposed to side with ' maddox ' , when blake shields gurns and glowers his way through the part , i just ca n't understand ) , not to mention the numerous gaping plot holes ( i 'm all for creative license , but when the " bad guys " know the identities of the " good guys " making their lives a misery , but fail to act in any way to stop them , you really have to wonder why this script did n't undergo another few re - drafts before production - did daddy even read it?).i'm sure a younger audience might get some enjoyment from this film ( and all power to them ) , but they 're really better off sticking with hughes sr . 's high school output , and if the idea of school - time rebellion is what really appeals ,
the 1968 classic "
if ... " is a much more satisfying examination of the subject .
i 'll be honest .
the only reason i watched this one on tv is that it 's in the imdb bottom 100 .
and right now , i 'm wondering if the hour and a half of my life really was worth another ' check ' on that same list .
van damme is luc deveraux , who finds himself on a huge fight with the universal soldiers after the main computer pulled a ' hal ' to defend itself .
and yes , after all the obligate explosions , shoot - outs and chases he is the last one standing .
combined with terrible acting and a bit of a boring set - up it makes sure it 's place in the infamous list
is just .
only for the idiots like me who want to watch that full list .
2/10 .
if another hitler ever arises , it will be thanks in part to nonsense like this film , which propagates the absurd notion that he was a visibly deranged lunatic from the start .
far from following such a person and electing him to the highest office in the land , sane people would cross the street to avoid him , and he would have died in a ditch , nameless and unknown .
anyone who reads the accounts of hitler 's close companions - the autobiography of his secretary traudl junge for instance - will be struck by the fact that people found him a kindly , intelligent , generous man .
he was also a brilliant orator , and the fact that his speeches seem overblown and ranting to modern ears ignores the times in which they were made , when strutting pomposity was common in political speeches .
ditto the overstated anti - semitism , which was neither a central plank of the early nazis - who were primarily anti - communist - nor uncommon or unusual for the times .
the film makes it look as though hitler 's sole ambition from the start was the holocaust .
if you want to identify the next person who will cause the death of tens of millions , you can ignore fleck - lipped ravers life the one portrayed here .
look instead for a charming , charismatic man whose compelling speeches inspire the entire nation , and whose political work visibly and materially benefits the country .
i 'm afraid his personality will be much more like barack obama 's than fred phelps' .
i hoped for much here , and got nothing but caricature .
the fools who made this thing perpetrated a crime against reality .
this is the historical equivalent of ' reefer madness ' .
everything in this film is bad , the story , the acting , the effects but its funny , funny , funny ! ! !
scott valentine with the army uniform that s ten sizes too big is so bad with the permanent attempt at a scowl on his face as the leader of a special ops group its hilarious !
the ' ' terrorists ' ' are as scary and realistic as the ' ' raptors ' '
, this is so phoney and bad at everything it tries you have to laugh
part where the giant t - rex who somehow snuck on board a ship and then somehow got below is blown up
and you see the metal pole sticking up where its head was is the perfect ending .if
your into bad films , this is the pot of gold , the mona lisa of b - b - bad ! ! !
going into this movie you know that this is movie has six lab technicians in a sealed lab with an invisible maniac .
so right away you 're guessing who will live and who will die .
the survivors end up being exactly who you 'd expect them to be , so no points for plot twists there .
and if you 're not sure if this is a b - movie or a movie that just happens to take place in a lab with an engaging story , william devane plays a part : instant b - movie status .
the movie is promising in the beginning .
at the lab we are introduced to the invisible gorilla who is becoming increasingly violent .
oooh , foreboding .
the best scene in the whole movie is when the lab team makes the gorilla visible again .
great special effects .
same thing when they make bacon invisible .
there are a couple of bare breasts , a really lame dirty joke and enough out of place swearing to give this movie an r - rating that it really did n't need .
for a thriller there were n't really any surprises , except when shue makes like macgyver in the freezer , which is more of a ' whaaaa ? '
ok , there is one surprise .
that 's when caine ( bacon ) comes back one last time in the elevator shaft .
it was a surprise but only because you 're yelling at tv , ' noooo !
you 're dead already !
end the movie ! '
speaking of yelling at the tv , that 's all i did for the last 25 minutes or so . '
put on your f#@%ing goggles ! '
instead of putting their infrared goggles on so that they can see him , they try every other trick in the book ( fire extinguishers , sprinkler systems ...
).the story really lost it at the end .
but the special effects were good ; that 's the only reason i give it a 2/10 .
some 25 year olds behave like teenagers , coping with the death of a high - school mate , trying to find their purpose in live and love .
the script is so lame that i had to force myself to even finish this movie .
stay away from it .
the character acting is a little stiff , as if it is the first time man of the actors have appeared on screen .
unfortunately one of the better actresses , jean simmons ( played many bit roles on tv , like in star trek tng and in the heat of the night ) , dies quickly and thereafter her acting can be markedly missed .
the lead role is mr ballard , as portrayed by cliff robertson .
cliff is forced to carry this movie with his body language for most of the time .
he does n't do a poor job , but it is a little overmuch to ask of an actor to plug the oceans of blank screen time during which the characters spend their time not talking and also not acting .
robertson 's most memorable role may have been ben parker in the last 3 spider man movies ( starring tobey maguire).the plot is predictable .
a husband murders his rich wife for her money .
thereafter the wife seems to comeback and haunt the husband driving him insane until he leaps from a high window ( fearing the specter of his dead wife approaching him ) on the day he is predicted to die no less .
the second chauffeur mr ballard hires looks a lot like an english mark hamill .
uncanny really !
the only thing that stands out is the utter disregard for dialogue .
many minutes pass in quietness , no one speaks , and few act .
it is a shame
the mst3 k guys never got hold of this movie .
it could have been much better , if not just as predictable , with more dialogue , or shorter scenes of ' nothingness' .
i kept expecting g'mork 's red eyes to appear from the shadows and proclaim that he works for the " nothing " that inhabits this film .
first off ... with names like fred olen ray , brinke stevens and jan - michael vincent , plus distributors like " rhino " and " troma " on the video box , you know what you 're getting into with this one .
b movie mania !
if you 're actually expecting to see a thriller " based on edgar allan poe , " then forget it and head straight for the excellent series of roger corman 60s poe films .
this is pure , unadulterated sleaze ( with just a pedestrian attempt at a plot similar to " the premature burial " ) , complete with lots of r - rated , ready - for - video sex and nudity .
however , it 's certainly entertaining and fun in a slipshod kind of way ...
brinke ( who has three nude scenes in the first 30 minutes ) plays rich , traumatized , insomniac housewife victoria monroe , whose fear of being prematurely entombed stems from her belief that the same fate befell her father ( hoke howell ) .
her worthless husband terry ( jay richardson ) has racked up some serious gambling debt ( owed to a gangster played by robert quarry ) and , with help from his kinky , blonde , european - accented sexpot secretary lisa ( delia sheppard ) plots to do away with brinke for her money .
name - value actress karen black drops in briefly wearing a blonde wig as a hypnotist ( she 's way too talented to be playing an insignificant role like this ) ,
50s sci - fi / horror star robert clarke plays a doctor and family friend and
michael berryman shows up for a decent nightmare sequence performing an autopsy on a still - living vicki .
jan - michael vincent mostly sits outside a house in his car making goo - goo eyes as brinke enters and exits the home .
the kill - a - spouse - for - the - inheritance plot has been done a million times before , the ending is an unintentional laugh riot ( concluding with a direct rip - off of the zuni fetish doll segment in trilogy of terror ) and whoever created the awful stabbed face and decapitated head fx for this release needs to sharpen up on their skills a bit .
brinke does a decent job making her character somewhat sympathetic , but the biggest surprise of all is how good former penthouse pet delia sheppard is in her role .
she stole every scene she was in and easily gave the standout performance here .
i ca n't believe the likes of guillermo del toro and kim bassinger got involved ins this piece of garbage !
the script is so poorly written and the directing so weak ( both by the same person ) that its hard to find more one - dimension characters in a film .
the dialogs are so lame that this so called thriller got laughs out of the few fools that got into the theatre .
the setup
it 's tricky , inviting you to believe you are going to watch a chilling thriller and suddenly it turns out into the most stupid persecution film .
bassinger 's character is so dumb , that she actually stops to scream to god
" where are you ! "
so the people after her can follow , and then takes a leak ! ! ! !
and then she apparently got into the smallest wood in the world , i mean , she runs all over the place and the killers never loose track of her , and this happens in the middle of the night .
it really makes me wonder , is that really the best writing people in hollywood can find that they spend millions producing it .
when i was 16 i saw the documentary : " a funny thing happened on the way to the moon " .
i actually liked , and believed in it for a couple of years .
but then i grew up , and began to think , and when i had sought more information .
this is : more info from reel sources , and non - biased sources .
when i started at university , not so long ago , i asked an assistant - professor in astronomy about these conspiracy theories .
what he said shocked me : he said that all those theories where lies .
that baffled me , i did not believe it first , but then he presented evidence for his claims .
he quickly debunked most of the theories about the subject : " humans did not go to the moon " .
the most outrages claim was that the apollo - craft could not travel through the van - allen - radiation - belt , without the crew perishing from radiation .
the truth is that the americans use a secret aluminum - anti - radiation - alloy .
it is not that well - known .
and the exact specifications are a secret .
and why is it a secret :
well , why should they reveal it back then ? ?
if they where in a space race with the russians , then it would be very dumb to reveal that they had new technology that could shield crew against radiation .
and then there is the biggest evidence of all : the moon stones .
when the apollo - missions did go to the moon , they brought back many rocks from the moon , to give to geologists and similar scientists , who are documenting all things about the moon .
these rocks and stones are in fact from the moon .
because : the internal basic elements , which all matter consist of , are also made of special isotopes , that are different from quarry to quarry , land to land , and especially planet from planet .
the isotopes of these rocks and stones have been proved , that they do not come from earth .
the astronauts brought home hundreds of kilogram 's of these rocks , all of them have been proved to have come from outside earth , and from the same planet .
ergo :
the moon - landings where not fake .
nasa did go to another planet : the moon , though it is not a planet , but a satellite to a planet , a moon ( duuh ) .
these rocks have been distributed to laboratories and universities all around the world .
it has been proved : humans did go to the moon
- it is a fact , pronto .
but i do not worry : most conspiracy - theorists are generally unemployed and uneducated , that is mostly why they do not know or lie about these facts .
the fact remains : humans did walk on the moon .
i know i 'm in the minority , but ...
uwe boll is about as talented as a frog .
not even a toad ; just a frog .
he 's reminiscent of about a hundred other no - talent hacks who churn out one useless crap - fest after another .
this movie ?
is a crap - fest .
slater 's talent is only minimally utilized leading one to believe he 's got other things ( like his failed relationship ) on his mind .
reid performs as if she has either forgotten her acting lessons , been severely hit on the head and made to forget her acting lessons , or has one of the worst directors in the history of film .
i 'm voting on the third choice , myself , although the other two are always possible .
uwe boll has never done a single thing from which i 've derived even the slightest pleasure .
frankly , i 'm satisfied that he made this stinker .
i was concerned with bloodrayne competing with " underworld : evolution " for ticket sales .
now , i 'm confident that len wiseman has nothing , and i mean nothing , to worry about .
this rates a 1.0/10 rating for this messy , convoluted crap - fest , from ... the fiend : .
the plot was dull , the girls were sickening and the supposed italian male lead had clearly never heard an italian accent .
someone said the boys were cute in this film
but it just seemed to be filled with mediocre people .
there were literally no redeeming features about this film .
i think this is a graveyard for actors that will never work again , with the unfortunate exception of the olsen twins who seem to fascinate people for no discernible reason .
i hope the olsen twins find something out of the limelight to keep them away from the entertainment business .
they have no place in it .
high heels are tricksy things .
they can elevate women ( or cross - dressing men ) to newfound heights , put forward a sharp statement of style and bring a touch of fragile elegance .
alternatively , they can be a perilous foot pain that will inevitably lead to trips , falls and ultimate tragedy .
tacones lejanos is more of a disappointment trip than a stylish high riser .
almodóvar 's mother - daughter drama is stylish for sure , but in terms of plot it 's a tongue - tied and tedious affair full of confusing , complex characters that never fully engage or make sense .
a few moments of comedy aside , tacones lejanos just is n't interesting .
the best bit comes at the beginning in a marvellously macabre case of manslaughter orchestrated by a child .
from this brilliant bit of black comedy things are looking up , but then the film comes to a heel .
there 's solid enough acting performances and there 's some stylish , arty direction that you 'd expect from almodóvar , but otherwise tacones lejanos is n't an impressive piece of spanish cinema .
with a story of murder , showbiz , femininity , fractured mother - daughter relationship and a character who is alternately a judge , a transvestite and a police informer
this could have been a melodramatic powerhouse .
instead it 's poor .
high heels stumbles for sure .
i 'm not looking for quality ; i 'm just trying to get through the 74 famous video nasties that were banned in britain .
this one was initially banned and re - released in 2001 with a whole 10 seconds cut .
some college kids spend their christmas vacation preparing a dorm for renovation .
there are some creepy characters lurking about along with the four kids .
which of them is the slasher ?
the actual killings are not very gory , so this video nastie is not really nasty .
there is the requisite flashing of the boobies , but it has nothing to do with the college kids .
i had a suspect very quickly and i turned out to be right .
maybe i 've seen too many of these .
the end twist was clever ; i have to give the writers credit for that bit of originality .
first off , this is no where near as bad as some of the other trash the
sci - fi channel has produced ; that is n't to say that grendel is a good film , in fact , it is very bad , but it definitely had potential to be a lot better .
the flaws of the film come from character design , character , absurd additions to the story , the visual effects , the music , and for the most part : the acting .
when speaking of character design , i , of course , mean the way our heroes and villains look .
beowulf and the other danes seem like ridiculous vikings , rather than warriors of brute strength -- that helmet
our main protagonist wears is just too silly .
grendel looks like the hulk but with strange tentacle - attachments to his elbows .
the characters are very limited .
beowulf is same from beginning to end , however finn -- a useless sidekick -- achieved some two - dimensionality , due thanks to his romantic subplot , and unferth gets some notion as well , as he becomes less conceited .
much like finn , there are useless additions to this story to make it its own , while still holding to the source material .
the crossbow that is gifted to beowulf is so ridiculous , i 'm surprised the cast did n't walk off the set .
besides additions , there 's omissions , such as the underlying themes of christianity and paganism , as well as the consequences of lying .
the special effects are mighty terrible .
grendel and his mother hag are poorly conceived , and as such , they 're portrayal on screen is less than believable .
the music is overbearing , especially when a character dies .
all in all , this is not sci - fi 's worst film to date .
it is actually one of the better films , though trash it still
it is ,
it is good trash , making it a guilty pleasure at best .
the only thing that works is the dialogue , which is still wooden here and there .
i highly recommend you skip this film and watch robert zemeckis ' take on the ancient story of beowulf , simply because this film ( grendel ) is only half the tale , and not the whole thing , which garners this movie a three - star review .
while being one of the " stars " of this film does n't necessarily give me sage insight , i do know quite a bit of what was first there ... and what ended up on the screen .
i remember seeing the original cut of " incoming freshman " and being very pleased .
it was funny , sexy , raunchy , all the main requirements of a drive - in film .
you have to remember this was shot and released before all the rest ...
animal house , porky 's , etc ...
so in its own way , this flick was truly ahead of its time .
for whatever reasons , the film was given to the main distributors who editing out half the original film , and then edited in ( should i say " shuffled ? " )
the most random scenes ever .
the fat guy , the people with goat heads ....
what the heck was all that ? !
i 'm sure it was put in for additional t&a , but it was so slowly paced , it caused anything going on prior to it to grind to a screeching and painful halt .
but all in all , it 's a fun memory for me ... especially in that i 'm able to say that the worst movie i 've ever seen ... i'm in !
these were over 80 minutes of semi unexpected boredom .
first , i was wondering how it is possible to produce something like that .
then , reaching 70th minute i was convincing myself that it 's only a few more minutes , and i lasted to the very end which i 'm kinda proud of as i consider watching this movie as a great test for human 's patience and crap tolerance .
was it worth watching at all ?
well , as i wrote above , if you want to test yourself , give it a try and if you 're strong willed enough , you may even last to the end ...
the movie lacks coherence and characters seem to have no common sense at all .
all happenings in the movie , you can be sure you saw somewhere before , and they seem to be put in this movie just to fill the film reel .
this film ( along with rinne ) are minor gems amongst the retread homage pics that have passed for horror movies so far at the 8ftdf " horrorfest . "
and , yes , that 's faint praise indeed .
'cause there 's not much worse in filmdom than would - be auteurs who think atmosphere is a substitute for a coherent plot .
and that 's all you get with the abandoned .
this is a film that was made almost entirely in the directors head .
sure , it would have been nice if he 'd transfered it to film , but this happened instead .
it 's a very pretty film with a few genuine scares , but the last reel is strictly for the latte slurping cineaste crowd .
this tv production of 1970 starring susannah york and george c. scott is another proof of how difficult it is to adopt " jane eyre " to the screen , and how much can go wrong in doing so .
it is true that the movie suffered in the transfer to dvd - some scenes which were complete in the original were shortened and so badly edited that there are striking continuity gaps and that even one crucial scene between jane and rochester starts in the middle of a sentence !
but even if the editing were better , the film would not be .
the script is bad , the portrayal of the characters is untrue to the novel and nearly all actors are miscast .
as a consequence one does not have the feeling of watching an adaptation of charlotte brontë 's novel at all .
the problem is not only that a number of scenes are shortened or left out - this is the case with all the short adaptations - but that the remaining scenes do no at all capture the tone , the spirit , the atmosphere and the concept of the novel .
this jane eyre for example completely leaves out gateshead and begins with jane 's arrival at lowood .
while this is perfectly all right , since some scenes must by necessity be left out , it is not understandable that , instead of using the time gained ( so to speak ) and thoroughly portraying jane 's friendship with helen , the influence helen has for jane 's development , the lecture in christian stoicism that she teaches her , the film nearly exclusively concentrates on the physical ill - treatment of helen , which is driven to absurd extremes in this adaptation .
what helen has to suffer is bad enough as described in the novel , but here miss scatchard is portrayed as a kind of sadistic prison ward , who deliberately wants to drive helen to a premature death .
and this is about all which happens at lowood .
if you compare that to the deep impact the years spent in lowood have on jane in the novel , one can only state with regret that the movie does not even touch the surface of that particular episode in jane 's life .
and this is the problem throughout this adaptation : it rushes from scene to scene , very often without transition , and nowhere comes even near the essence of the novel .
the dialogues are an odd mixture of made - up lines and lines from the novel , very clumsily patched together , and the scenes between jane and rochester are so shortened that both share only 5 minutes together on screen before they fall in love , and the little conversation they have contains nothing of the brilliance , the intensity and also the humour of the conversations between rochester and jane in the novel .
but the scriptwriter not only did brontë 's language injustice but in addition managed to ruin her moral set - up with just one sentence .
when rochester and jane go to see rochester 's wife after the would - be wedding , rochester says : " yet i once loved her ( his wife ) as i love you now . "
the whole moral concept of the novel depends on the fact that rochester is indeed an innocent victim of an amoral scheme and was trapped into marrying a mad woman whom he never loved , and that his effort to seek a true life partner is , if not sanctified by god 's and man 's law , yet understandable and forgivable !
but this one sentence completely undermines brontë 's whole carefully constructed moral concept and turns rochester into a dirty old man who wants a new young wife because his old one is of no use to him any longer .
from the errors regarding the script to the errors regarding the casting : now i am by no means one of those who insist on physical resemblance between an actor and the literary figure he portrays , but by no stretch of imagination is it possible to picture lovely , blonde , blue - eyed and full - mouthed susannah york as the novel 's plain heroine .
in addition , ms york was in her thirties when the film was shot and looks it .
played by her , the novel 's shy , reserved and inexperienced young jane becomes a perfectly poised , graceful and mature woman , completely sure of herself and her deserts .
i do not say that susannah york does not play well and convincingly but the woman she portrays is not brontë 's jane eyre .
to cast george c. scott as rochester must have been motivated by the desire to have a rochester who looked old enough to make the 18 years difference in age between jane and rochester plausible .
scott looks as if he were around 50 but acts in various scenes as if he were 70.to compliment the " maturity " of the leading actors all passion , desire and despair seems to have been deliberately wrung out of the script .
the scene between jane and rochester after the wedding , the emotional climax of the novel , has become a calm , rational conversation between two middle - aged persons , at the end of which rochester falls asleep .
when jane returns to him in the last scene , he is just as mildly pleased as a grandfather who has just been paid a visit in his old people 's home by his favourite granddaughter .
the only character who displays an appropriate amount of emotion is st. john , of all people .
ian bannen plays him so passionately and his eager plea for jane 's love is so touching that one gets the impression that bannen was modelling his st. john on the rochester of the novel .
but good though bannen is , his st. john is just as far from the novel as york 's jane and scott 's rochester .
the only redeeming features of this very disappointing " jane eyre " are the locations and the score , and i would only recommend this production to those who want to watch and compare every single adaptation of " jane eyre " .
where to begin , there 's so much wrong and horrible about this movie i am not sure where to start .
okay , the two stooges who wrote this crapper .
joseph green and rex carlton , first they could n't make up their so - called minds for a name .
my guess they split the difference , that 's why the main title is brain that wouldn't die , but the end screen says head that
wouldn't die .
neither one knows anything about the medical profession .
after all doctors take oaths to " do no harm " .
killing a woman for a head transplant would be considered " harm " .
plus , a little thing called blood and tissue matching .
rejection would spell death for jan in the pan .
plus who keeps a patch work monster .
what medical school did bill graduate from , frankenstien university ?
old fu , or mad scientist tech ?
the monster had no name , that bugs the hell out of me .
plus , the brilliant surgeon doctor bill cortner does n't know how to keep a patient sedated ?
all and all a disaster of a movie , it 's incredibly stupid and unwatchable , except on mst3k.
i give it the thanksgiving turkey .
pedantic , overlong fabrication which attempts to chronicle the birth of the federal bureau of investigations .
begins quite promisingly , with a still - relevant probe into an airplane explosion , however the melodrama involving james stewart and wife vera miles just gets in the way
( miles had a habit of playing tepid wives under duress , and her frayed nerves arrive here right on schedule ) .
esteemed director mervyn leroy helmed this adaptation of don whitehead 's book , but despite the talent involved , the picture fails to make much of an impression .
best performance is turned in by murray hamilton as stewart 's partner , however most of the dialogue is ludicrous and the dogged pacing causes the movie to seem twice as long as it is .
from * * * *
this movie is simply far too long , far too repetitive , with the male nudity and sexuality being ( as this is said as a gay with my own collection of adult titles ) far too gratuitous and unnecessary .
much of the first third of the movie could have been cut down to ten minutes and been equally as effective without trying the patience ( and stamina ) of an audience .
i saw this movie on an early saturday afternoon , with a film festival audience ; the type of crowd that tends to be more adventuresome , interested in more experimental or atypical films , such as one without much dialog , shorts , foreign films .
the near sell out crowd in an approximate 275 seat theater started to dribble out within the first half of the movie and while the great majority did stay for the " pay off " ( which never actually arrived ) , i have never , in about 14 years of attending any number of film festivals , experimental , gay and
otherwise , seen such a large number of people walk away from a film .
this movie could easily have been cut down by more than half and been as effective as it was .
it also could have gone in different directions , still with a shorter running time , and been far more effective .
as it currently exists , this is not something that one can readily recommend or one i would have any desire to watch again .
for 50 years after world war 2 the united states was in a state where key segments of the economy were dominated by military interests .
at the same time , because of the draft and wars , everyone in society had served , or was connected to someone who had .
this allowed for a minigenre based on the notion of american cleverness in the midst of an inflexible military machine .
sometimes that machine was non - us military , for example in prisoner of war situations .
once removed are stories in other machines : science fiction and corporate , but they always reference this military genre , and indeed the testosterone shots of action even reference their comic sibling .
you can trace it , i think , perhaps starting in the comic , meaning amrican , sections of " the great escape , " which immediately spawned teevee offspring in " gomer pyle " and " hogan 's heros .
then a second wave triggered by " catch 22 " and " mash , " both of which had been real life , then books , then movies , and in the mash case , then teevee .
but before all that , there was the " phil silvers show , " about a sergeant bilko and this followed from " mister roberts .
a happy con man , who only committed harmless crimes , and
then only as response to an overly crude system which attempted to limit his life .
this was in the day when teevee shows mattered .
you absorbed them instead of merely carrying them to work to chatter about .
it was n't particularly clever in any way , except in finding that crack between what we wanted in control and freedom .
its one large zone where americans worked out how they think about forgivable , even endearing lies in a military context , a zone that has been appropriated by one of our political parties here .
because its big , it sometimes pays off in laughs .
" stripes " was pretty darn funny i thought .
it had the twist of the misfits actually defeating serious foes , sort of folding in some " dirty dozen . "
and sexual adventure .
now this , well before the cultural wars escalated .
it tries to touch that sweet spot , like other remakes that manhandled steve martin .
it is so unfunny , you actually root for the army to be the stronger player .
yet another way to track how societies work out the handles on military power .
ted 's evaluation -- 1 of 3 : you can find something better to do with this part of your life .
there was a genie played by shaq
his name was kazaam , and he was whack
his rhymes were corny , this lines were bad some stupid kid cryin over his stupid dad bad actin , bad casting , bad special effects what s next ?
this movie sucks
prolly did n't make 20 bucks he lives in a boombox
not a lamp hurts like a cramp like a wet food stamp ...
yeah , you get it , a stupid rhyming genie who ca n't act , in a stupid movie with horrible special effects .
oh , and its confusing as hell .
i 'm not even gon na go on .
let 's just say , it belongs in the " its so bad , its funny " category .
watch it once with your buddies and get a good laugh .
but do n't expect anything spectacular .
probably the worst film i 've ever seen , the acting and story were terrible and i almost fell asleep .
the only good actor was colm meaney .
i had the impression to see the same scenes again and again until the end , no emotion , no charisma ... nothing !
because for one reason , there has never been a more adorable scene in any film than ann margret singing " bye bye birdie " at the opening .
she reprises it again at the ending , too ( in a different mood ! ) .
both wonderful .
rent it and see .
even if that 's all of it that you watch .
you 'll agree , i 'm sure .
everything about the original was so excellent it just did n't need a remake , sorry !
jason and vanessa gave commendable performances , as well as tyne and chynna .
in fact , all the actors and singers in this new version were giving their ' all , ' but it 's like trying to improve on " casablanca " -- it just ca n't be done !
it 's even annoying finding yourself comparing the two mentally as you try to appreciate the remake , and it just falls short , through no fault of the actors .
i really looked forward to see planet of the apes , but it was a huge dissapointment .
the settings and masks are great , but that is the only good aspect of the film .
all other things are really annoying .
mark wahlberg is not acting , he is just in the movie , looking stupid .
the other actors are also not very good .
but the worst point of all , is the story .
it is absolutely ridiculous !
for example : the apes are lying unconsiousness on the ground , but the humans don`t attack them , no , they wait until they are up again !
this is just one example for the stupid story , but it would take too long to tell them all .
this will be best known for the ferrari that was crashed when eddie griffin was doing promotion .
tale of racing and betting is a poorly made by the numbers that appears to have a director who could n't see the numbers .
largely a point and shoot affair with a group of actors in it for a paycheck .
this is not a good movie , but its not bad enough to be watchable and end up as a some what nothing film is n't worth bothering with no matter how you look at it .
misogynistic , despite the fact one of the leads is a woman , this is a film that was clearly made just to get the producer and director close to pretty girls .
want evidence ?
there are long lingering shots of women in next to nothing that serve no purpose other than perhaps to get a rise out of people too afraid to rent a porno or the sports illustrated swimsuit dvd.avoid
this movie at all costs
" shadrach " was not my favorite type of movie .
i found it overly sentimental and the acting was below par .
harvey keitel and andie macdowell were good but some of the other actors were n't at all believable .
i also did not believe that paul 's parents would go away and leave him with the dabney family , especially when they had a housekeeper living in the home .
their social classes were too far apart to consider this believable .
it seemed the dabney 's lifestyle was too exaggerated .
there was a scene in the beginning of the movie that showed andie macdowell getting out of a car after having sex with someone .
who was it ?
her son ?
what was the scene supposed to show us ?
why was the scene even included ?
it had nothing to do with the rest of the movie and was in fact never alluded to again .
it seemed gratuitous and not fitting into the story at all .
there were too many inconsistencies in the movie for me .
the story concerning shadrach was nice
but i was n't convinced that the dabneys would have been as kind and generous as they were portrayed .
` in the tradition of ' carrie ' and ' heathers ' ?
try ` a shameless ripoff of not only those two films , but ' the evil dead ' and ' the shining ' as well . '
that said , they really do n't make bad horror movies like this anymore , and that 's a shame , 'cause it 's a gas .
rainbow harvest is the winona substitute here , and although she barely does more than mumble her lines ( and occasionally scream , `
you're ugly ! ! ! '
into her haunted mirror ) , she 's goth way before it 's fashionable , so you have to respect her .
( and she 's quite creative about it too , accessorizing with black leather scarves and a kind of black - spray - painted hawaiian - punch - guy hat .
eat your heart out , cher.)karen black overacts a bit , but she 's not totally without dignity , and you ca n't help but sympathize with her .
( unless you 're a certain friend of mine , who asked , ` who is that , horse lips from ' m.a.s.h ' ? '
the first time she came onscreen.)there are decent supporting performances by kristin dattilo ( as the square chick who befriends rainbow ) , ricky paull goldin ( in his trademarked wisecracking hunk role ) , and william ` larry , darryl and darryl ' sanderson ( as some kind of pet undertaker , or something ) .
but it 's sad to see the once smokin ' yvonne decarlo reduced to playing what can only be thought of as the charlotte rae part .
the eighties were the heyday for hilarious , mindbogglingly dumb horror movies like this , and
` mirror , mirror ' was one of the last of its kind .
definitely worth a look .
based on the korean legend , unknown creatures will return and devastate the planet .
reporter ethan kendrick is called in to investigate the matter , and he arrives at the conclusion that a girl , stricken with a mysterious illness , named sarah is suppose to help him .
the imoogi makes its way to los angeles , wreaking havoc and destruction .
with the entire city under arms , will ethan and sarah make it in time to save the people of los angeles ?
written by anonymous
i think he should have included the followingthis is the worst movie i have ever seen
the best actor in the whole thing was the cg dragon and overall it s u c k - ed
i am p
i s s - ed
at not only with the people who made it but myself for watching save yourself the time read a book or something
maybe a little dr seuss that should be more stimulating.no wonder
the guy is anonymous sorry for the format
this site has a lot of rules
this is the only way i could get this out without adding more
watching a videotaped replay of about 8 various 1994 - 1997 spider - man cartoons made me realize why i could n't stomach it when it first came out .
i'm from the old school , where the 1967 spider - man cartoon was the best and still remains the best .
( i wo n't get into the psychedelic version which is terrible - give me traditional villains please.)the
acting in the new stuff is lousy , read off a sheet with either no feeling or overacting .
paul soles , where are you now ?
this guy was the best at voice acting for spider - man .
no one comes close .
watching secret wars , a great idea for a cartoon mini - series , made me wince .
dr. doom sounds like a comedy version of bela lugosi .
in a scene with red skull and doc ock , red skull has no german accent while ock is heavy russian !
the old marvel comic hero series from 1966 had much better voice acting .
iron man sounded like he was wearing an iron mask , captain america sounded authoritative not like some teenage kid .
paul frees as the thing in the 60s was the best thing ever .
the old voice actors were pioneers and there will never be anyone like them .
ever hear mel blanc 's son ?
no way can he replicate his dad .
the animation is clunky .
okay , so they have all the fancy character shadings and nicely painted backrounds .
sometimes you can say more with less movement if more movement looks bad .
sometimes when you let the computer take over the movements they become robotic .
i really do n't think any of these animators know what in betweeners are .
the stories are badly written , and some of the lines they give the heroes are horrible .
why , for example , when heroes are teamed together for the first time they start fighting with each other ?
in secret wars , it was a lame excuse that got them in disagreement .
i can see if the hero was dark , unknown and mysterious - like the punisher , but why the thing and iron man ca n't hold their tempers with each other is ridiculous , then the torch joins in .
this is just another of the later comic trends to get heroes to square off at each other for a few seconds because ' everyone ' wants to see that stuff .
give them a better reason to fight and maybe it can be pulled off , but " hey what are you doing here " and " you do n't tell me what to do " are lame reasons .
another badly written scene is in the wedding where harry osborne unmasks himself to spoil peter 's wedding .
that whole scenario was awful .
last , but certainly not least , is what another critic calls juvenile violence - meaning no punches at all .
in secret wars , the lizard carefully ducked the thing 's charge .
but the thing punches the bad guys across an entire block in the comics .
he must simply revert to lifting heavy things and subduing a bad guy by grabbing hold of him in the cartoons .
sure , these cartoons were not made strictly for us adults but for kids under 12 .
that 's why they ca n't have punching , because mommy and daddy do n't believe in that type of violence .
but you can blow things up , these cartoons will include that .
as a kid before political correctness came in fashion i saw cartoons punching each other .
what 's wrong with a punch to the chops ?
is there really less violence in the world today because those slick and crafty new cartoons took out the punch ?
i find this the most insulting of all when i watch the new stuff .
they 've written out " the punch ' because we could all hurt ourselves .
kids , enjoy these cartoons all you want , i 've seen enough.3/10 rating
wow it 's ironic since this movie has been out for awhile
i think that someone else just reviewed it a couple days ago .
anyways , i watched this movie simply because it has nick stahl , for the record .
the movie was ridiculous .
the characters drove me insane , they were so cliché and stereotyped .
this movie had some of the worst dialogue i have ever heard .
it had way too many plot twists too .
there is one scene in the movie worth seeing however , the scene : " warm heart , cold gun " where nick stahl kills the obnoxious girl in the shower .
( well , actually they were all obnoxious . )
but his acting in that scene was excellent .
the look on his face , it reminded my of american psycho ( a good movie ) .
the scene is worth seeing but not worth seeing the rest of the movie for , do yourself a favor and do n't watch it .
will farmer ( lanter ) plays a computer game that simulates a terrorist attack , and ripley , the super government computer , designed to profile potential terrorists , tracks him because will borrowed ( by hacking ) some money from his next door neighbor 's bank account to pay for a class trip to play chess in philadelphia .
the next door neighbor whose computer will was fixing , has relatives in the mid - east who thru their bank send money to the neighbor 's bank , and ripley sees a terrorist connection .
ripley has the power to call up missile strikes .
oh , oh!this version of war games has a much faster pace and more aggressiveness than the war games movie in the early 1980s .
well , the electronic industry has so much more to work with these days .
makes sense .
so the movie dazzles us with fantastic cgi on computer screens , and once joshua , the forerunner to ripley , is found operational , we are left with watching computer against computer and the humans are cringing , hoping , praying  .sort of , oh - oh - ing , omg - ing , and more cringing hoping things will go their way .
in other words we are now experiencing a made - for - tv type movie , and it 's oh hum time .
go back to the 1980s and watch the original war games movie .
it 's much better .
but , we really have to ask ourselves : are we making computers too intelligent where one day , in time , they will rule us ?
hmmm  ..
violence :
nudity :
language : no .
there is an interesting discussion in this movie .
is being a moral person good enough , or do you need something more?the movie preaches that without the guidance of god , being a morally good person is not enough .
there is a line early in the movie , " you and i can look at a person who is morally good , but both know he is going to go to hell .
"while
i am not a christian , the discussions about this throughout the course of the movie were fascinating , but not in the way the movie intended .
i left the movie with a stronger feeling that being morally good * is * enough .
the arguments and discussions presented were heavily biased , so much so that they crush themselves in the weight of their own ignorance .
fanaticism can be a powerful thing , especially when inferenced in the minds of the ignorant and uneducated .
as george carlin 's character in dogma said : " hook em while they 're young" .
the basic premise is a very interesting one also .
a bible scholar from the 1890s is attempting to publish a book that says that morality without god is ok , as long as the morality is meaningful .
do you only tell a child not to steal ?
or do you tell him not to steal because god tells you not to ?
( not bothering bringing up that telling the child not to steal because , well , how would he feel if it was his marbles that were stolen?)the author , carlisle , wants the recommendation of his school to help sell the book ( to spread the world ) .
however , it needs unanimous consent , and one of the scholars opposes it .
he brings up , in a very interesting discussion early in the film about the morality for morality 's sake vs god 's words argument .
to prove his point , he produces a time machine ( put in the movie solely to make the plot work , which i 'm fine with ) , and sends carlisle to the year 2002 to see where teaching morality without god will lead us .
as should be obvious , he has his opinion , and is changed by what he sees , and has reversed himself by the time of his return
( for he does return , that 's not really a spoiler , this is a bible movie after all).as for the movie as a movie itself , it 's pretty slow and pretty poorly acted .
something that was * not * needed in this movie , is that it produces two " bad guys " who want to try to figure out who carlisle is , even tho he has n't hurt anyone , committed a crime , or anything .
what 's wrong with the movie just showing carlisle 's opinion , showing his view of this " sinful world " , and returning him with a new viewpoint ?
also , there a few points in the movie which affirm to me that i 'm happy
i 'm not a christian , or at least someone who says " it 's god or nothing " .
three near the end of the movie rather disturbed me ..
first , when the two " bad guys " corner carlisle right before he jumps , carlisle does his * only * truly despicable act ..
he fakes like
his time - jump is the coming of jesus , and makes it so
the " bad guys " ( who are also christians btw , oddly enough ) , think they just missed the rapture .
secondly , after carlisle returns , he finds a boy in which he scolded at the beginning of the movie about not stealing ( but not mentioning god , kid kept the marbles and ran away ) , and tells him this time that stealing is wrong because god commands it .
like the carlin quote above , scaring kids into religion is a faux - pas in my book .
and lastly , the epilogue .
another scare tactic .
carlisle asks the inventor how far into the future they could go , and he says he does n't know ..
the epilogue shows him trying to warp a bible into the distant future ( starts at 2100 ) , and it fails ..
he keeps decrementing the years by 10 , and trying again , and by the fade - out , he 's at like 2030 or so .
throughout the movie , carlise mentions that he felt the end of the world coming , because the world was rife with sin and the loss of the name of god
.. scare tactics have been in use for thousands of years ..
you would think in these enlightened times , the church would have enlightened as well .
i'm glad i saw this movie .
while i was fairly certain before that being morally good was enough , now i know it for a fact .
worth watching if you are not a christian , to affirm how happy you are to not be as ignorant as the folks in this movie .
this movie is so bad it 's funny .
it stars scott backula as some coach , but that 's not important , what is important is the large black fellow who plays 1st base .
first off he has to be at least 75 years old , yet still plays minor league baseball , second he starts out the movie in the outfield despite not being able to walk , let alone run .
coach backula brilliantly moves him to first citing the fact that when he attempts to run he stays in the same place for too long a period of time .
backula shows more brilliant coaching strategy in the end of the film , ( spoiler ) , he tells his star player " downtown " to hit a home run , clearly " downtown " viewed this as a good move .
he hit the home run and won the game for his team , a minor league squad playing the twins who were the class of the majors in the movie .
now if only tony muser , manager of the royals , would be as smart a coach as backula and tell his players to simply hit a home run in every at bat , the royals would never end an inning let alone lose a game .
oh my god ..
the worst sh*t i've ever seen
-this is the main thought which came into my mind right after watching the movie .
and i really do not understand anybody with opposite myth .
though , maybe the idea was good but the effect miserable .
i especially mean the role of h. graham .
what was that ? ? ?
in my opinion it has destroyed all positive intentions of producers .
the character was played in affected and annoying way .
every time she appears it reminds that you ' re watching a movie and is destroying a spirit of the moment ,
then whole movie because the most time what you can see there are her stupid faces with more stupid attempts to create the emotion .
terrible , do n't waste your time .
i happened to spot this flick on the shelf under " new releases " and found the idea of a hip - hop zombie flick far too interesting to pass up .
that 's how it was billed on the box , anyhow , and i thought to myself , " what a great idea ! "
plus there 's a " welcome to oakland " sign on the cover , too .
how could i resist ?
unfortunately , the hip - hop part only lasted for as long as the opening theme .
neither hip - hop music nor hip - hop culture had much of a role in the movie .
having lived in oakland myself , i know that there are many aspiring hip - hop artists there , so the low budget of this flick was no excuse not to have a fitting soundtrack .
any number of struggling artists would have jumped on the opportunity to contribute to this flick .
why the quiroz brothers did n't take advantage of this is beyond me .
once the film got rolling , it was a completely typical zombie movie with a cast that just so happened to be completely black and latino .
you might think that this would put an unusual slant on the movie ...
but it did n't .
somehow , the quiroz brothers vision of " urban culture " boils down to drive - by shootings and dropping an f - bomb in every line in the movie .
the rapid - fire use of the word " fuck " is probably this movie 's most distinguishing characteristics ; there were single lines that contained the word three or four times , and no line did n't contain it at least once .
i 'm not at all squeamish about swearing in a movie , but the feeling here was that it was the result of a lack of ideas on the part of the writers ( also the quiroz brothers ) , and the script was generally very poor .
the film was generally a disappointment .
it would have been interesting to see a genuinely " urban culture " zombie flick , but " hood of the living dead " does n't deliver on that count .
the characters in the movie could just as easily have been white or eskimo or anything else .
there was no distinct flavor to the movie .
it 's just another run - of - the - mill low budget flick with bad acting , lousy writing , amateurish direction , bland cinematography , a cheap soundtrack , and nothing at all to recommend it .
i saw the trailer of the film several times at theater
and i excited .
it looked like a classic action thriller like the ones made in 1990 's .
it recalled me also fugitive movies , a cat and mouse chase between douglas and sutherland .
however , the sentinel is the most tasteless action thriller of all time .
as i see , many people say that this is like a tv movie .
not exactly .
firstly , there are much more better tv movies in this genre .
secondly , tv movies might be very fun sometimes , but this film is the exact opposite of having a good time .
it is not stylish at all visually and the most important , the tone of the movie is unappealing .
this is not an action movie , there are two action scenes consist of a chase and a clash .
also they are not big action scenes , but the worse is that those action scenes are very tasteless like the whole movie .
the love affair between douglas and bassinger was very unnecessary .
besides , the assassination plot to the president is the most cliché story in this genre either , but they insist on that .
and this is not a cat and mouse film as it is supposed to be .
although , douglas is very old now , he has still potential for acting in an action thriller .
in the film , michael douglas can not be like tommy lee jones , for example .
sutherland is a wrong choice either , because you feel as if you watch jack bauer and somehow , its character is one of the reasons which make the film like a tv movie , eva longoria parker is a strange choice , of course she is too passive or straight in this movie , because she is a soap opera actress .
the movie was not fun even one second to me , so i could not get over for a while .
checking the spoiler alert just in case .
perhaps one of the most horrendous movies i have ever seen , mazes and monsters felt like i wasted 101 minutes of my life .
the only redeeming quality of the movie were scenes that tried to be serious , but just ended up being funny since they were so bad .
evil dead anyone ?
unfortunately for m&m ( fortunately for us ) it did not develop a cult following and result in a trilogy .
this movie tried to address a series of problems that the main character , robbie ( played by hanks ) encountered throughout the film .
it ended up being a fear mongering video about stereotypes that helped fuel the d&d is the devil movement in the 80s .
if you want to avoid wasting your time and money , steer clear of this junk .
p.s. - even though the cover looks kinda interesting , which is why i guess my brother bought it , it in no way takes place in a fantasy realm , unless you consider new england or new york city to be such a place .
basically , a dentist husband - wife team and their 3 daughters deal with infidelity .
the premise is interesting , the acting is good , and the music , although sometimes abrupt and without direction , is pretty cool .
the problem is the plot .
the husband dentist drops his wife off backstage at an opera before the show ( she has a minor role ) and then walks back in to give her something , but sees her with another man .
the rest of the movie deals with his angst about this episode , his visual hallucinations and a macho alter - ego ( denis leary , a former patient of his ) and his fear in confronting his wife lest he will have to " do something about it .
" i wo n't tell you the ending , but let me say that the film goes nowhere and the ending is like a sputtering whimper .
the motivations of the characters are missing : why is she cheating on him ?
he 's a dentist , decent looking , good father .
the film does n't say .
who 's she doing it with ?
do n't expect any answers on that either .
why does he want to keep the marriage going in spite of all this ?
who knows .
what purpose does all the kids vomiting serve ?
where is this film going ?
good performances by campbell scott and hope davis ( and denis leary as comic relief)are completely wasted by this stilted nonsense which does n't know if it wants to be american beauty or a family film .
a root canal is more interesting .
avoid it .
i run a group to stop comedian exploitation
and i just spent the past 2 months hearing horror stories from comedians who attempted to audition for , " last comic standing .
" if they do n't have a good agent , then they do n't even get a chance to audition so more than 80 % of the comedians who turn up are rejected before they can show anyone that they have talent !
if they do make it to an audition , i was told that it 's " pre - determined " if they get a second chance .
so what the tv audience sees is not the best comics in the us.if
the comics do make it to the show , then most of them do n't get imdb credits .
i know this because i did the credits for all 6 seasons of , " last comic standing " and i do n't get paid for doing the producers ' job .
it 's really a disgrace .
a month ago , i asked , " last comic standing 7 " on facebook why the producers are n't giving imdb credits and i was banned from their facebook page !
i am not a comedian
so i do not have a personal stake in this .
i just want people to know the truth .
i do n't like seeing anyone getting exploited and that 's why i 've been helping the comedians .
comedians get exploited on hbo , bet , tvone and other cable networks but nbc is a big three network
so those in charge should be ashamed of themselves for allowing this exploitation to happen .
please watch this video of a comedian who was victimized : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rmb4-hyet_y
this is a genuinely horrible film .
the plot ( such as it is ) is totally undecipherable .
( i think it has something to do with blackmail , but i 'm not entirely
certain.)half of the dialogue consists of useless cliches .
the other half is spoken by the various actors in such unintelligible imitations of " southern " accents that ( thankfully ) the words can not be recognized .
but the one true tragedy of the movie is that such a historic talent as mary tyler moore apparently was in such dire financial or personal circumstances that she appeared in it .
it was difficult to sit through this horrible heretical adaptation of sherlock holmes .
apparently matt frewer was cast because he is tall and skinny .
his skull - like face made for a good zombie in the dawn of the dead remake , but as sherlock holmes he looks like a scarecrow .
not only does frewer have a lanky lackadaisical walk that is hard to watch , but he looks uncomfortable in the stereotypical holmes overcoats that he is wearing .
not only that , but while the coat is gray twill they apparently could not find a matching cap .
so his cap is black and it looks shiny as if it were made of polyester .
whatever the cap was made of , it looked very new and artificial .
jeremy brett occasionally wore those traditional outfits , but brett did not have to dress - up like sherlock holmes in order to look the part .
frewer on the other hand is painful to watch .
even in the full " holmes " outfit , he does not carry himself like sherlock holmes .
frewer 's cadaverous face grinning all the time as he spouts on and on in a very bad " upper - crust " british accent is painful to see and listen to .
to say that frewer is overacting is an understatement .
after he finishes each sentence with some kind of nasal hum , he then sneers as if that were some kind of british trait .
when i started watching this i thought it might be a comedy featuring wishbone , the jack russell terrier .
i thought frewer had been cast as some kind of foil for wishbone .
but sadly , there is no dog in this movie except for frewer .
wishbone would have made this movie a lot better .
not only does frewer 's version of sherlock holmes never stop talking ( in that awfully artificial british nasal accent ) , but he is much to friendly and kind .
frewer is always smiling at the witnesses he talks to , and he is so polite and courteous that he could be teaching at a charm school instead of being a sleuth .
perhaps since this is a hallmark channel production , they are trying to make a children 's version of sherlock holmes
( wishbone was better at that , too )
that was kindler and gentler .
whatever the point of frewer 's interpretation of sherlock holmes , it is flatter than a pancake , and easily the worst version of sherlock holmes that i have ever seen ( including the previous worst , by charlton heston).overall , the tone of this film is awful .
it reminded me of a typical episode of barnaby jones or murder she wrote or diagnosis murder .
all the suspects over - acted suspiciously and glared at the victims before they were killed .
holmes and watson are explaining every clue to each other during the entire movie .
even on murder she wrote there is less exposition .
this sherlock holmes does not even compare very well to jim rockford of the rockford files and it is miles below columbo .
the awful dialog is probably the fault of the writer .
it is obvious that who ever wrote this script has very little familiarity with sherlock holmes , especially the bbc version with jeremy brett .
this movie has all of the atmosphere of an episode of little house on the prairie .
the fact that the actors seem to be smirking when they enunciate their lines in their fake accents does not help .
the only minor bright spot is ken walsh who plays doctor watson with some dignity .
walsh does not ham it up compared to frewer , and when he is often interviewing witnesses , his demeanor and conversational style are much more natural and credible .
unfortunately , the rest of the cast is amateurish , and the visual clues they give by glaring and making faces at each other ( to show they are suspicious ) is something that i had not seen in any modern movie .
billy crystal normally brings the crowd to laughter , but in this movie he and all the rest of them can not bring any smile on my face .... or perhaps just one .
they call it comedy
, i say it 's a waste of my time .
the film was written 10 years back and a different director was planning it with srk and aamir in lead rolesthe film finally was made now with vipul shah directing it
and ajay and salman starring together after a decade
hum dil de chuke sanam(1999)the movie however falls short due to
it 's 90 's handling and worst
it 's loopholesthe film tries to pack in too many commercial ingredients and we also hav the love triangleeverything is predictable and filmy and too clichédthere
are loopholes like how ajay runs away from london airport and makes a place for himself with no one ?
even the way he starts his band is not convincing the second half gets better with the twist in the tale of ajay destroying salman but sadly the climax falls short and the film ends on a bad notedirection by vipul shah
is ordinary to below average music
is the worst point , most songs are mediocreamongst actors ajay gives his best shot though he is n't convincing as a rock singer yet he does superb as the negative role
salman however irritates with his punjabi and talking nonsense he only impresses when he gets drugged and thereon asin is nothing great
just a show piece ranvijay should stick to mtv om puri is okay
the lives of the saints starts off with an atmospheric vision of london as a bustling city of busy , quaint streets and sunshine .
i was hoping it would maintain this atmosphere , but it gets bogged down in a story that goes pretty much nowhere .
othello works for big , fat mr. karva , his crime - boss step - dad ( at least i think that is what he is supposed to be because it 's never really defined , but he does drop kittens into deep fat friers , so trust me , he 's a prick ) doing scrappy little errands while his skanky girlfriend gives daddy hand - jobs .
one of his colleagues is runner , a black dude who is always dashing from a to b. until the day he comes across almost mute homeless child who grants him his wish of being able to stop running .
runner dumps the lost boy in othello 's flat , where he promptly starts granting more wishes .
keen to have some of his own desires fulfilled , karva has the boy kidnapped .
but he is n't sure of what would really bring him happiness .
is it the innocence of being a child again or is it another hand - job ?
either way , i do n't want to see the little boy grant him the second .
it just takes ages to get going and there are loads of repetitive scenes .
the ending tries to be shocking but since there 's hardly any back - story on investment in any of these characters it only serves as a release for the bored audience .
writer tony grisoni , a favourite of terry gilliam , tries to blend in some kind of religious allegory which ends up being pretentious as all hell , ironically .
if he gave us something more accessible or at least had better explanations for the characters suddenly acting all weird
then it would have been a more enjoyable film .
as it is , we are introduced to a bunch of annoying loudmouths who then miraculously seem to develop intelligence when confronted by the mysterious boy .
who 's origins are never revealed .
that 's just plain irritating !
aside from sporadic moments of atmosphere and a moody score , this film has little to recommend .
there is a really good movie lurking just beneath the surface of the layers upon layers of cheese that is " the pagemaster" .
i found this out when i watched this again this morning after neglecting it for years and years .
i remember hating it with a passion when it first came out , but this time , i found that the special effects are quite good .
the plot is just " the neverending story " with a creativity - endectomy , but it 's an okay little flick for anyone who just wants some really awesome eye - candy .
the animation is amazing , and i especially liked how the animators let their characters look and act a bit more surrealistic than the norm .
i 'm giving it a grade of three as i *
would * have given it a two ( just for parody value ) if i had ever decided to watch this movie expecting it to absolutely blow my mind story - wise .
a terrible movie as everyone has said .
what made me laugh was the cameo appearance by scott mcnealy , giving an award to one of the murdered programmers in front of a wall of sun logos .
mcnealy is the ceo of sun microsystem , a company that practically defines itself by its hatred of microsoft .
they have been instrumental in filing antitrust complaints against microsoft .
so , were they silly enough to think this bad movie would add fuel to that fire?there 's no public record i see of sun 's involvement , but clearly the makers of this movie know scott mcnealy .
an interesting mystery .
as a lesbian , i am always on the lookout for films relating to gays & lesbians .
however , with this kind of crap out there -- it would be enough to discourage any audience .
i kept waiting for something to happen -- anything!--a story to develop , or just for it to make some kind of sense .
neither occurred .
it was just meaningless scenes , unconnected in any way with anything .
the film failed to conveyed any kind of story or depth to the character .
after an hour or more of this nonsense , i simply turned it off .
don't waste your time on this absurdity.1 star -
and it does n't even deserve that .
this is n't the worst movie i 've ever seen , but i really ca n't recall when i 've seen a worse one .
i thought this would be about an aircraft accident investigation .
what it really was is a soap opera , and a bad one at that .
they overplayed the ' conflict ' card to the extreme .
the first hour or so seems like a shouting match , with some implausible scenes thrown in.*possible spoiler*the 40-or - so minute ' memorial ' scene ( with requisite black umbrellas and rain ) to fictitious crash victims was lame , and i thought it would never end .
avoid this one at all costs , unless you revel in ' conflict ' .
this film is horribly acted , written , directed and produced .
but it 's so campy
it 's actually semi - watchable .
that 's semi watchable .
the storyline ( what little there is ) makes virtually no sense whatsoever .
the barney drum character is the only real comic relief in the movie and that gets tired after about 30 seconds .
many of the canadian supporting cast can be found in tv commercials ..
none of them went on to anything else that i 'm aware of .
and of course sly stallone 's even less talented brother well ..... =
\trivia : it was filmed almost entirely in and around the little village of claremont , ont .
( about 20 miles n.east of toronto )
i recognized many local landmarks / intersections / buildings .
i think the drive - in scene was filmed at the now demolished " oshawa drive - in " just before it was torn down .
i watched this movie on march 21 this year .
must say disappointment .
but much better than " tridev" .
plot is hackneyed .
tells about prabhat who lives with his father , wife and his little brother .
the movie opens when he saves a bride .
anyway .
azghar jhurhad makes a plot to kill his young brother .
he makes a plan by sending few man .
they come to a school pretended to be prabhats friends .
kill that kid .
his father throws him out of the house .
then later comes back .
he and aakash go to kenya to find him .
sunny gives a good performance , chunky was annoying at best , naseerdun is wasted .
divya did good , sonam was wasted , jyotsna was wasted but looked cute .
the kid which played sunnys brother in the movie was cute .
too sad he had to get his character killed .
the girl was cute but was annoying .
the other kid did good .
alok did good .
kiran was adequate .
amrish and gulshan did good .
the cinematography is excellent in both india and kenya .
script is weak but has a few good dialogs .
also drags .the movie .
the music was alright .
i only liked one song"saat samundar " the lyrics of that song was good .
the other songs were forgettable .
don't watch this .
rating-3/10
tom brown 's schooldays aspect ratio : 1.78:1sound format : stereoin late 19th century england , young tom brown ( alex pettyfer ) is sent to the public school at rugby where he experiences the reforms of a radical new headmaster ( stephen fry ) and stands up to the school 's resident bully , flashman ( joseph beattie).already
the subject of numerous screen adaptations - most notably gordon parry 's superior 1951 version - thomas hughes ' evergreen novel gets the early 21st century treatment , courtesy of screenwriter ashley pharoah
( tv 's " where the heart is " ) and director david moore ( the forsyte saga ) .
it 's pleasant enough , and watchable , but it 's also rather staid and dull , distinguished only by fry 's sincere performance as the new principal determined to sweep away some of the school 's most dubious ' traditions ' , and by the introduction of a possible new star in 14 year old pettyfer , a talented kid with the kind of effortless charm and vivid good looks that should take him all the way to hollywood and beyond .
otherwise , this is typical uk tv fodder , the kind of stuff favored by executives eager to fill the schedules with ' prestige ' product , even one as thoroughly unremarkable as this .
the uk publication ' radio times ' described it as " daintily odd " and raised a querulous eyebrow over " all of that fagging and brutality and a handsome , rakish villain torturing the life out of sweet young boys " .
quite .
in short : spike lee clearly has a lot on his mind .
he 's thinking about racism color - ism , media and hegemony , consumerism and capitalism , religion , sexism , ' hetero - sexism ' , politics of the drug war etc etc ...
that level of consciousness on is own is great .
i think it is a blessing that more and more people are choosing to critically examine fundamental aspects of our daily lives ; the silent and invisible forces that govern our societies .
however , just because lee is making contentious films does not make him a good film - maker .
what comes across in " jungle fever " is a superficial understanding of these socio - political forces .
this is largely the result of two main failures : firstly , lee is simply trying too hard .
he seems to be desperately trying to accommodate every political / social statement he can think of into the 90mins .
and as such , the end result seems confused and irresolute as he allows himself no time to develop characters that can fully embody the ideas he hopes to present .
and so he exhausts stereotypes and we are left with rushed testimonies and very loaded dialogs .
the end result is very staged and unrealistic .
secondly , by attempting to make statements about such a wide variety of societal functions , he appears to have no concrete or original interpretation of the social / political issues presented .
what comes across is a puddle of regurgitated non - sense .
you feel that he bought an elementary level sociology text book and spewed out all 500 pages .
these are highly problematic features because the artistry of film is sacrificed and the work is transformed into a loudspeaker for the voice of the voice of the filmmaker .
he is unable to distance himself from the work , and allow it to speak for itself .
it functions neither as a piece of art nor a sound political argument .
although i still do appreciate lee bringing up these important issues , i must say : two thumbs down .
i rented this film out having heard of the fuss about it not being put up for an academy award , but after watching it , it 's easy to see why it did n't .
despite the beautiful photography , the film is incredibly slow moving , despite having hardly any plot .
the plot is about a young boy trying to come to terms with his parents ' death in what may or may not have been an accident ( the film is never clear on this ) , and how his grandfather used to tell him fairy stories .
the fairy stories contain the only bits of interest in the plot , but they 're very short , and do n't really seem to have any point .
the first fairy story in particular concerns a boy trying to get a magical flower to his dying girlfriend to save her life , but the boy delays by tasting the flower first to make sure it is not poisonous which results in him being a few seconds too late to save his girlfriend
- the grandfather then pronounces that the moral is that the boy was too impatient , but that does n't make any sense because it was overcaution and slowness which resulted in his failure .
perfect metaphor for this film really .
the photography of skye is beautiful though , but then stardust which was released this year is another film about fairy stories filmed in skye and beautifully photographed -
and it 's infinitely better than this one .
wendy wu :
homecoming warrior has a very good , strong plot but is ruined by cheesy details throughout the movie .
i am a younger teenager and did n't enjoy this movie very much .
i thought the effects were horrible , but they might seem entertaining to younger children .
the matrix moves ruined the action , you know that it was absolutely fake .
then there was the yen lo , an evil spirit who temporarily possesses random people and homecoming in which wendy was striving to win .
it all ends like a typical feel good movie when wendy and her buddhist monk cousin shen defeat yen lo ( and destroy him forever ) in the end .
so wendy learns a lesson ...
blah , blah , blah .
i 'm ready for the next dcom .
istanbul is another one of those expatriate films that errol flynn was making in the last decade of his life trying to support his family and stay out of trouble with the irs .
it 's a remake of the fred macmurray- ava gardner film singapore from a decade ago .
unlike that studio product , istanbul has the advantage of that great location cinematography right at the sight of the golden horn .
but errol flynn , who was aging exponentially before the camera in every film , was way too old to be playing these action / adventure types any longer .
his scenes with cornell borchers really do lack conviction .
as for cornell , she plays errol 's former sweetheart who through the trauma of being saved from a fire now has amnesia .
she both does n't remember errol and is now married to torin thatcher .
but errol 's got some nasty people led by martin benson and werner klemperer who are after some diamonds which have come into his possession .
got to deal with them too .
best reason to see istanbul is to hear nat king cole sing and play the piano .
most people today do n't realize that cole was an accomplished jazz pianist , they only think of him as a singer .
actually he was a pianist first , the singing was an afterthought .
istanbul is a routine action / adventure film for those who are fans of that type of movie .
the broken is part of the after dark horrorfest iii .
not a slasher or filled with gore .
plenty of broken glass and mirrors in this edgy thriller from france and writer / director sean ellis .
a successful radiologist gina mcvay(lena headly)inters a strange world as her life seems to spiral out of control .
while attending her father's(richard jenkins)birthday party , the guests are stunned when a mirror crashes to the floor for no obvious reason .
things get really strange when she witnesses a woman that is the spitting image of herself driving down a london street in a car identical to her own .
gina sneaks to her doppelganger 's apartment and finds a photo of herself with her father .
she drives away and is involved in a head on collision .
then mysteriously her boyfriend is not the same ; to be exact family and friends are not easy for her to trust .
is gina beside herself ?
is she in a parallel world ?
her nightmares become more horrific ...
is she broken?kudos if you can figure this one out ...
it wo n't be easy .
editing could n't be any tighter .
lighting is questionable .
other players : melvil poupard , william armstrong , michelle duncan and ulrich thomsen .
when i was a kid , i remember watching this while visiting a friend of our " uncle " phil .
we 're back !
a dinosaur 's story is a silly cartoon about a dinosaur called rex ( voiced by the wonderful john goodman ) .
he tells a little boy dinosaur the story about how the dinosaurs came back to earth to live .
he explains that he was part of the thing that brought them back , along with some friends .
the doctor / professor villain of this film i think might have been responsible for them being them back , but i do n't care about him .
the kids might like this , but personally it is just too cheesy .
john goodman was probably the only decent thing .
poor !
all these reviewers are spot on .
i 've seen many bad films over the years , believe me , and this beats the lot!this is not just a " so bad
it 's good " exploiter waste of time , but a genuine , hilarious , movie atrocity .
check out
the white furry monster type
thing!wet yourself
laughing at thom christopher 's " spell - weaving " acting!gape in sheer
a**e - clenching disbelief !
at the threadbare sets!this is one of those " european co - productions " .
no wonder we have so many wars .
i swear , some of the people taking part in ' wizards of the lost kingdom ' are n't actually aware they are appearing in a film!fact !
i originally watched this movie on htv wales late one night while suffering from concussion and sleep deprivation .
i had to track down a copy several weeks later to make sure it was really this awful .
it is .
worse even than lee majors in the norseman , more laughable than all of john derek 's films , this is , truly , the citizen kane of trash .
wonderful cast wasted on worthless script .
ten or so adults reunite at the summer camp they attended as juveniles .
could this ever happen in a million years ?
it 's simply a fantasy , and a boring one at that .
do they become teenagers again ?
do they reenact their pranks , games , good times ?
they may try but ultimately the answer is : no .
is there any intrigue ?
any suspense ?
horror ?
comedy ?
none of the above .
how anyone can be entertained by this drivel is beyond me .
i wanted to like this movie ; i tried to like this movie , but my brain refused .
maybe you should n't compare , but wild style and style wars are original hip hop .
beat street does have a lot of the original artists of early hip hop , but they 've been obviously made clear that this could be their big break , of course for some it was
and that 's nice .
but if you view this as original hip hop culture you 're wrong .
it 's overproduced and has a hollywood sauce .
rather look for the first two movies i mentioned .
they have convey the grittiness that comes with life in the ghetto .
yes , the rating for this movie is low , but the reviews are mostly positive or even raving .
this is probably because although the story , the acting , the dialogues and the direction all are dreadful , the music and dancing is what the people love about it .
me , i do love the dancing but at the time thought that electro was the death of hip hop
( i was so glad when round ' 86 a new generation of now classic hip hop artists appeared , like krs one , public enemy , ultramagnetic mc 's , jungle brothers , bizmarkie to name a few ) , and i still do n't like most of the beats in this movie and that is why it does n't work for me .
i mean , wild style has not much of a story but the music there is great and authentic .
of course tastes differ and that 's alright .
but as far as i 'm concerned , this movie is trash except for the break dancing and some of the music and
so i ca n't rate it higher than a 4 out of ten .
more wide - eyed , hysterical 50s hyper - cheerfulness that gives new meaning to anti - social , pathological behaviour .
danza and grayson will leave you begging for mercy .
it 's a shame that all the people involved in the making of this movie are now dead ( or in nursing homes ) .
i kinda thought about suing them for torture .
as this movie started unleashing its shamelessly aggressive operatic assault onto my poor , defenseless ear - drums , i felt instant , strong pain envelop my entire being .
that damn muscular vibrato can shatter soviet tanks into tiny bits , nevermind glass .
did n't you switch the channel if you did n't like it ? " , you might ask angrily .
fair point , fair point ...
the answer is that i wanted to , but the pain was so sudden and excruciating that i fell to the floor , writhing in agony .
with my last ounces of energy , i tried to reach the remote but couldn't .
a silly little fisherman with the questionable talent of singing with an annoying opera voice is discovered by niven , who then proceeds to " pigmalionize " him .
lanza is in love with asymmetrical grayson , but she predictably treats him with contempt until they finally hook up .
this may seem like a rather thin plot , but this noisy movie is so chock - full of singing and music that there is barely any dialogue at all .
this movie is relentless .
forget about torturing hippies and war prisoners with slayer 's " reign in blood " ( as in a south park episode ) .
whatever little conversation there is amongst the silly adults that infest this strange 50s musical world , it 's all infantile - as if they were all 6 year - olds impersonating grown - ups .
i can only envy people who find movies like this funny .
it must be great being easy - to - please : what a world of wonder would open up to me if only i could enjoy any silly old gag as hilarious , gut - busting comedy .
but let 's examine this phenomenon , the 50s musical .
my best guess is that 50s musicals offered the more day - dreaming idealists among us a glimpse into utopia or heaven ( depending on whether you 're church - going or lenin's - tomb - going ) , or at least very cheesy version of these fantasy - inspired places .
ttono is more akin to a representation of hell , but that 's just me .
i do n't seem to " get " musicals .
people talk , there is a story - but then all - of - a - sudden everyone starts singing for about 4 minutes after which they abruptly calm down and then pretend as if nothing unusual happened !
when you think about it , musicals are stranger than any science - fiction film .
worse yet , ttono ( my favourite type of pizza , btw ) is not just a 50s musical , but one with opera squealing .
opera is proof that there is such a thing as over - training a voice - to the point where it becomes an ear - piercing weapon rather than a means of bringing the listener pleasure .
the clearest example of this travesty is when lanza and grayson unite their dark side vocal powers for a truly unbearable duet .
i tried lowering the volume .
i lowered it from 18 to 14 .
then from 14 to 10 .
then 8 .
i ended up lowering it to a 1 , which is usually so low that it 's only heard by specially - trained dogs and certain types of marsupials , and yet i still could hear those two braying like donkeys!take the scene in the small boat in the river .
danza starts off with one of his deafening , brain - killing tunes , and then ... nothing .
no animals anywhere to be seen .
even the crocodiles , who are mostly deaf , have all but left .
if you look carefully , you might even see the trees change colour , from green to yellow , in a matter of minutes .
no , this was not a continuity error , it was plain old torture of the flora .
and those trees were just matte paintings !
imagine how real trees would have reacted .
the reason glass breaks when a high c is belched out of the overweight belly of an operatic screamer is not due to any laws of physics relating to waves and frequency , but because glass is only human - hence can take only so much pain before committing suicide through spontaneous self - explosion .
i can listen to the loudest , least friendly death metal band for hours , but give me just a minute of a soprano
and i get a splitting headache .
to put it simply , the fan was a disappointment .
it felt like as if i was watching taxi driver , except taxi driver was much better than this .
it seemed like the filmmakers wanted us to root for robert deniro 's character 100 percent .
this approach did n't work .
how can a movie have ozzy osbourne and still suck ?
i just do n't get it .
trick or treat managed to do it .
this sucks and likes it .
trick or treat is one of those movies i have to warn people about .
it is a vomit - inducing vile atrocity just begging to be viewed so you can feel that much worse about yourself .
trick or treat has no redeeming factors .
for a movie about heavy metal , it sure does n't seem to grasp what heavy metal is or what it represents .
this movie manages to make heavy metal look lame and this was in 1986 , probably one of heavy metal 's strongest hours .
that is quite a feat , however negative .
trick or treat =
so bad you will be angry at yourself for having watched it .
that simple equation will hopefully keep you away from this brainless and gutless film .
to overcome the death of his wife , an old man does what anyone in his position would naturally do ( at least in a peter greenaway movie ) : he and his son populate their home with eight and a half ( one has no legs ) women and embark on a sexual odyssey .
this being a greenaway film , there is lots of pretentious and uninteresting blabbering and of course there is unnecessary male nudity .
in fact the father and son share a bed sleeping in the nude .
gross .
besides , who wants to see an old guy full frontal ?
for those who are not into the homo - erotic scene , one of the women likes to do the nasty with horses .
there is no story - just a random collection of dull scenes .
now , i 've seen a lot of bad movies .
i like bad movies .
especially bad action movies .
i 've seen ( and enjoyed ) all of jean - claude van damme 's movies , including the one where he 's his own clone , both of the ones where he plays twins , and all three where he 's a cyborg .
i actually own the one where he plays a fashion designer and has a fight in a truck full of durians .
( hey , if nothing else , he 's got a great ass
and you almost always get to see it .
with dvd , you can even pause and zoom in ! )
that 's why you can trust me when i say that this movie is so bad , it makes plan 9 look like citizen kane .
everything about snake eater is bad .
the plot is bad .
the script is bad .
the sets are bad .
the fights are bad .
the stunts are bad .
the fx are bad .
the acting is spectacularly , earth - time - bendingly bad , very probably showcasing the worst performance of every so - called actor in the cast , including lorenzo lamas , and that 's really saying something .
and i 'd be willing to bet everyone involved with this movie is lousy in bed , to boot .
especially lorenzo lamas .
it does manage to be unintentionally funny , so it 's not a total loss .
however , i recommend that you watch this movie only if you are either a congenital idiot or very , very stoned .
i was able to sit through it myself because i needed to watch something to distract me from rinsing cat urine out of my laundry .
it did n't help much , but it was better than nothing .
one point for ron palillo 's cameo as a gay arsonist .
i thank god i did n't go to cinema for this film .
i would be very sorry for the money i gave .
i saw it on tv
and i could n't beleive my eyes .
i wonder if any film could be worse than this one .
they spent millions of dollars to this film for nothing .
awful acting and awful scenario .
i think the other people who wrote comments are the man working from that film company ;)
it 's very big fiasco !
in year 2000 can they still laugh at this kind of film ?
embarassing ...
the husband - and - wife team of bennie fields and blossom seeley were huge stars in vaudeville , yet they made very few films .
as is the case for some other performers of their era ( george m. cohan , fanny brice , gertrude lawrence )
the most accessible piece of film footage for fields and seeley is the biopic about them , in which they 're portrayed by other actors : ' somebody loves me ' , starring betty hutton and that inimitable song - and - dance man ralph meeker .
in their heyday , fields and seeley were so hugely popular that another husband - and - wife vaudeville act -- jesse block and eve sully -- achieved nearly as much stardom performing an almost identical act , effectively becoming the " second - team " fields and seeley .
offstage , though , there was a major difference in the couples ' living arrangements .
fields and seeley lived in hotel suites , paying room - service rates for every meal they ate , and eventually running out of money .
block and sully lived modestly and invested their earnings wisely , ending in comfortable retirement .
the first 30 seconds of this vitaphone short are occupied by two spats - wearing pianists .
apparently these two men had some slight name value of their own in 1930 , although i 've never heard of them .
finally , fields and seely rush in and start performing .
they both have plenty of pep , and she 's fairly attractive .
i was annoyed that both performers keep making movements as if they 're about to break into a dance , but they never quite do so until the third of the three songs they perform in this short .
when they finally start hoofing , the results are not impressive .
i was delighted to have this opportunity to see these two major performers doing their vaude act .
now that i 've seen it , i understand why they never became stars in movie musicals .
my rating for this one : just 4 out of 10 , and i 'll stick with block and sully .
sometimes a premise starts out good , but because of the demands of having to go overboard to meet the demands of an audience suffering from attention - deficit disorder , it devolves into an incongruous mess .
and for three well - respected actors who have made better work before and after , this is a mortal shame .
so let 's see .
premise : a loving couple who lives in a beautiful home is threatened by a bad cop .
interesting to say the least .
make the encroaching cop a little disturbing , why not .
it was well done in the hand
who rocks the cradle and single white female , and it 's a proved ticket to a successful thriller .
now herein lies the dilemma .
create a disturbing story that actually bothers to bring some true menace into its main characters while never going so far as to look ridiculous , or throw any semblance to reality , amp up the shock factor , and make this cop so extreme -- an ultra bad variation of every other super - villain that 's hit cinemas since the silent age .
the producers , and directors , chose the latter .
thus is the resulting film -- badly made , with actors trying their darnedest to make heads or tails in roles that they 've essayed before , and nothing much amounting to even less .
i really love the sexy action and sci - fi films of the sixties and its because of the actress 's that appeared in them .
they found the sexiest women to be in these films and it did n't matter if they could act ( remember " candy " ? ) .
the reason i was disappointed by this film was because it was n't nostalgic enough .
the story here has a european sci - fi film called " dragonfly " being made and the director is fired .
so the producers decide to let a young aspiring filmmaker ( jeremy davies ) to complete the picture .
they 're is one real beautiful woman in the film who plays dragonfly
but she 's barely in it .
film is written and directed by roman coppola who uses some of his fathers exploits from his early days and puts it into the script .
i wish the film could have been an homage to those early films .
they could have lots of cameos by actors who appeared in them .
there is one actor in this film who was popular from the sixties and its john phillip law ( barbarella ) .
gerard depardieu , giancarlo giannini and dean stockwell appear as well .
i guess i 'm going to have to continue waiting for a director to make a good homage to the films of the sixties .
if any are reading this , " make it as sexy as you can " !
i 'll be waiting !
this move is slow , plodding , cold , dark , and without a plot or hope .
it follows that tried and true european formula that they love to subsidize , that is never seen , but that the critics think makes an " important point" .
the movie is valuable if nothing more than to show the huge difference in the thinking between americans and europeans regarding employment .
in this movie the men are still nursing their wounds from years ago and feel it 's the government 's duty to provide them with work .
whereas in the u.s. we know we have to go out there and create value for someone .
spain never looked so backward !
one can deal with historical inaccuracies , but this film was just too much .
practically nothing was even close to truth , and even for the era , it was seen as silly .
in defense of ford , it was revealed on an old talk show , that he was operating on the story as told to him by the real wyatt earp , who was obviously old , senile , and replayed the scene his own way .
earp told the director about the stagecoach , and how it was planned to happen during the stagecoach arrival , so despite what other historians claim , wyat himself asserts that it was premeditated .
this movie portrays earp as an honest man , and also his brothers .
history does n't exactly say they were or were n't .
most people like to interject a bit of deceit and lawlessness into their characters , but that is nothing new .
the truth is probably closer to them being the law abiding sorts of gunfight at the ok corral .
men who saw it as a career , and believe me , in the old west , you did n't have time to think about too much else .
characters that do n't exist , characters depicted dying at the corral who really did n't , all make this a weaker film .
it is further weakened by mature , who really did n't make a convincing doc .
he may be the worst cast choice ever for doc , but at the same time we must remember that older movies were closer to the era and closer to a feel for the truth .
after all , ford did get information first hand from wyatt earp .
it is also weakened by the all so predictable events involving the mexican girl .
hollywood was very pro nazi in those days , and ready to kill off brunette women in very predictable fashion to show their patronage to hitler idealism .
this occurs in most movies until the eighties .
it is no excuse , and does cheapen the art , however .
the actors who play the earps do well , and brennan is always a thrill .
in fact , mature may be the only acting downside of this flick .
still , it is the weakest of the old ok corral movies .
i found this on the shelf while housesitting and bored .
how can people possibly give this a 10 ?
it 's not just that it 's supposed to be a feel - good redemption film ( i think ) , because it does n't work on that level either .
weak plot , bad dialogue , terrible acting ; there 's just nothing there .
harvey keitel is decent , but has nothing to work with , and bridget fonda and especially johnathon schaech are just terrible .
the plot progression ( especially the relationship between byron and ashley ) makes no sense .
it seems like the writers wanted the plot to go a certain way and made it , without actually writing in the necessary bits to make it flow .
it 's only an hour and a half , but that 's 90 minutes of your life you 'll never get back .
... but it 'll make you wonder if we had any in the first place !
this movie is just as bad as any of today 's horrible horror .
a man goes around ogling semi - clad ladies , trying to decide which one to kill so he can give his girlfriend a new body .
one scene involves a man staggering around and spurting all over the set for a full three minutes , coating everything what what must be well over ten gallons of " blood . "
the movie also attempts to create a sense that what the man is doing to his girlfriend is wrong and against nature , but the movie is so badly done it 's impossible for the audience to dredge up any feeling of shock or outrage .
aimlessly dark and unimpressively sinister , this movie ca n't even get its own title
straight-- the beginning credits say " the brain that would n't die , " but the end credits list it as " the head that would n't die . "
lame , cliched superhero action movie drivel .
i had high hopes for this movie , and the genre of hk buddy cop actioneers is one that i do n't despise , but very rarely do i see a storyline as trite and ludicrous as this one was .
this would have been forgivable , as it always is in these kinds of movies , when the action compensates , unfortunately , it did not .
the action does carry the trademark surreality and over the top nature of hk action , but it 's not very involving , obscenely gory , and in fact often completely incoherent ( perhaps this is due to re - editing for american release , it does show signs in many places of patchwork ) .
i was very disappointed .
exceptionally horrible tale that i can barely put into words .
the best part of the movie was when one of the murder victims turns up at the end , alive and well , only to be massacred again .
there is the chance that i missed some crucial plot elements since i may have been in a slight coma during the time this baby was on .
the box that the movie comes in shows scenes that are never even in the film .
i was lured in by the crude images of bondage torture and promises of a ' euro - trash , sexy horror flick . '
i get the feeling this was the budget version and about one quarter of the film was left out .
all the good stuff more than likely .
i got the pg-13 addition that made about as much sense as the end to the new ' planet of the apes ' movie .
watch this one with a friend and a bottle of the hard stuff .
you 'll need it .
this god forsaken film is about three dumb millionaires who gather a bunch of people to play a deadly game , and the winner gets a million dollars .
first of all , the acting is terrible , and the movie makes absolutely no sense at all .
it is not scary in the least bit , it is so stupid that it made me laugh , which is why it earned that 1 star .
the movie is not violent at all , but is pretty sleazy and focuses mostly on the women 's breasts the whole time , and some of the characters are very annoying and whiny .
plus , the monsters in this movie are so cheesy and fake and not scary that it just makes you want to throw something at the screen .
last , but not least the ending is terrible .
i do n't want to give it away , in case you actually are strange enough to see this piece of junk .
avoid at
all costs!!!!!not
( but should be r ) for nudity , profanity , and mild gore .
the movie has a good start portraying an interesting and strong shannon lee and introduces two very simpathetic side characters through the first half .
but later something happens and all the sudden shannon turns into this straight faced , second hand bad girl and the movie gets lost in it 's own context .
the second half lacks any kind of charisma and is full of clichés , bad acting , a horrible plot and even worse stunt coordination .
not to mention the horrible actors they chose for the chechen mafia gang .
"game of death 2 " was bad and clownified bruce , but his daughter tops it making an even bigger embarrassment of herself than the double who played bruce lee back then .
i truly believe that she can do much better than this
and i hope she participates in a better production next time .
if you are a real hard core action fan and do n't care about quality go ahead and see this movie .
i was personally looking forward to it but just got terribly disappointed .
an actor 's first film is usually something one can afford to miss - it 's often that first job where the lack of film experience by everyone involved is truly on display , and this film is no exception .
but worse than that , even by 1982 standards this is so bad , it 's hysterically funny .
filmed entirely in the chicago area on an obviously small budget , most of the acting by the entire cast is stiff , wooden , and cartoonish - a cross between a high school play and bad community theater .
noise from nearby traffic often drowns out the dialog , and the dialog is truly bad , very declarative in a way that comes off as forced and expedient rather than natural and organic .
scenes are contrived and choppy , and even though the characters go through a span of years , neither the children nor the adults age at all .
i do believe it 's possible to make a christian film that 's palatable to a large , secular audience , but too often the creators of such films are so focused on ' the message ' or in this case , their own autobiographical ties to the project that good film production values are tossed aside .
( i 'm sure it 's no coincidence that the main character has the same name as the producer / director / editor - and cast member . )
luckily , michael madsen was much more interesting - and believable - to watch in his subsequent films .
careers like his are certainly not built on films like this one .
this movie is awful .
at the end of it you will realize that several hours have been stolen from your life that you ca n't get back .
the " twist " ending is very contrived .
the character development leading up to this ending is not consistent with their final actions at the conclusion .
ninety minutes of preparation-- with the premise that the rob lowe character will die on christmas eve-- is explained away in literally ninety seconds of " no we were just tricking you . "
then the rob lowe character is not even upset about it !
i will forgive you if you can forgive me , " is as upset as he gets .
if someone took weeks to convince me
i was about to die and then said " no , sorry , just fooling you " i would raise some serious hell .
i do n't feel bad about giving away the spoiler because i might be able to save some of you out there from watching .
please save yourself and don't watch this movie .
this movie is just truly awful , the eye - candy that plays ben just can make up for everything else that is wrong with this movie .
the writer / director / producer / lead actor etc probably had a good idea to create a movie dealing with the important issues of gay marriage , family acceptance , religion , homophobia , hate crimes and just about every other issue effecting a gay man of these times , but trying to ram every issue into such a poorly conceived film does little justice to any of these causes .
the script is poor , the casting very ordinary , but the dialogue and acting is just woeful .
the homo - hating brother is played by the most camp actor and there is absolutely no chemistry between the two lead actors
( i think i 've seen more passion in an corn flakes ad ) .
the acting is stiff , and the dialogue forced ( a scene where the brother is feeding the detective
his lines was the highlight).i'm just pleased to see that the creator of this train wreck has not pushed any other rubbish out in to distribution , and if he is thinking of doing so , i have some advise - just don't do it .
an accurate review of nuremburg must consider the door to history inadvertently opened with the movie " valkyrie " ( tom cruise ) .
" valkyrie " ( 2008 ) at long last tells the world there was a german resistance during world war two professionally organised with bureaucrats , military generals , soldiers and civilians who tried to over throw the nazi political regime , install a new chancellor , obtain peace and close the concentration camps .
however , these unknown absolute heroes received no help at all from the allies who helped the french resistance just next door .
history writers have used an institutionalised agenda ever since to conceal an allied evil which cost many tens of millions of lives with everyone conditioned to believe a deception that the german people completely supported the nazis and consequently deserved the 24 hour bombing genocide and " unconditional surrender " that was imposed on the germans .
the german enigma codes were broken by english scientists in 1943 so much of what the germans were doing was known .
during 1943 the germans developed new jet fighters and jet bombers by companies including arado , heinkel and messerschmitt .
however , even if the nazis were eliminated and the german resistance succeeded the allies would n't allow any democracy in the world to have jet fighters , jet bombers , high speed submarines , ballistic missiles and radio guided missiles without the usa having them first !
this is where the institutionalised agenda is relevant .
consequently , the german resistance got no help at all from the allies although they always had crucial intelligence to eliminate adolf hitler .
the 20 july 1944 coup is proof there were significant efforts by the germans to obtain peace .
instead , the germans got ultimatums of " unconditional surrender " and 24 hour saturation bombing in an agenda to avoid peace .
the allies wanted to steal the world 's greatest technology and scientists from the germans and contain complete ownership through an " unconditional surrender .
" it was a premeditated allied agenda to allow the war to perpetuate and keep the nazis in power to justify the 24 hour bombing but it took one year after d - day before allied armies advanced into germany to steal the world 's greatest technology and scientists at the barrel of a gun .
however , tens of millions of people had died since the allies abandoned the german resistance for their own greed .
the allies imposed " unconditional surrender " on the germans as a pretext to complete ownership and control of german property and government and it was done without using the german resistance to over throw the nazis .
the allies wanted to steal the world 's greatest technology and scientists from the germans to achieve world technological supremacy .
consequently , everything else took second place to the evil allied agenda which killed millions of german people in the 24 hour bombing ; the concentration camps stayed open ; the war was prolonged and led to the " cold war " with weapons based on german industrial achievements , technology , and scientists taken from the germans in world war two .
the 1946 nuremburg war crimes trials were a public relations deception and mass murder perpetrated by the allies as retrospective justice to the nazis .
it was a smoke screen to hide the evil and greedy allied agenda for world technological supremacy rather than help the german resistance overthrow the nazi political regime .
tens of millions of people died because the allies abandoned the german resistance to an agenda but they inflicted retribution against the german chiefs of staff anyway whom paid with their lives at nuremburg war crimes or not although the allies had perpetrated genocide to achieve world technological supremacy .
ok , the portrayal of the stereotyped ' indians ' in this story is just plain wrong .
i do agree that elvis looks rather good here , but yeah , his skin color does seem to change during the movie .
i was thinking , ok, ...
he was never that tan in real life .
it 's some of the most obvious brown ' indian ' makeup that i have ever seen .
it 's as bad as the ' indians ' on ' f - troop ' and the old hollywood westerns who were played by jewish and italian american actors and
not real native americans!this movie is o.k . , but typically lame story and mediocre songs , like in all of elvis ' later films .
he just did them because colonel parker had him tied down to long term movie contacts to squeeze as much money out of elvis as possible !
i keep thinking ' thank god ' that elvis stopped making movies forever not long after this movie came out .
it is cool to see character actors joan blondell , katy jurado , l.q. jones , henry jones and burgess meredith in this movie , though .
burgess meredith 's ' indian ' makeup is absolutely awful .
it 's the worst of the bunch for sure .
what were the filmmakers thinking ?
was mr. meredith doing this one just for the money or
what ?
i do love certain elvis movies , though .
for example : ' love me tender ' , ' jailhouse rock ' , ' viva las vegas ' .
i can even stand to watch his movie with future tv co - stars mary tyler moore and ed asner,'change of habit ' in which elvis plays an inner - city doctor .
oh well , at least elvis made a few good films , but the mediocre and bad ones overwhelm the decent and good ones .
i'll always love elvis !
thank you , thank you very much !
the really sad thing is that this was supposedly the highest budget " halestorm entertainment " has had to work with .
all involved should be fined for littering since all the celluloid they wasted is good for nothing more than filling the trash .
not only is the writing atrocious and the jokes awful , but the camera work and film quality are amateur at best .
the soundtrack sounds like it was created on some guys laptop pc .
the worst part of all is that i actually sat through the whole thing .
i think just because i could n't believe that i had actually paid to buy a ticket and that the theater i was watching it in had actually agreed to show the " film " .
this film is about a group of extra terrestrial gay black men exterminating females on earth , in order to create a gay universe .
i watched it with the intent of seeing how bad it was .
still , i was shocked at how bad it was .
it looked more like a film made 50 years ago .
the acting , if any , is ultra bad .
the sets and props are so ridiculously fake , making any college film look mega budget .
and the special effects are laughably simple , indeed jaw dropping as others have commented , but jaw droppingly embarrassing .
one has to be severely intoxicated , or in an altered state of consciousness in order to appreciate this film .
if i was from denmark , i would be severely embarrassed and humiliated that my countrymen produced such a horrifyingly bad film .
i had the misfortune to sit through the full 102 minutes of what , in my opinion , is this shockingly bad film .
it fails on pretty much all levels ; the cast is awful , the acting - ham at best and the plot lacks any depth , leaving me feeling violently apathetic as to the outcome of any of the convoluted story lines .
plan b has none of the charm this genre has the scope to convey
and i found myself physically cringing at the various points where the script makes its regular misjudged meanderings anywhere towards the region of comedy .
a bona fide saccharine coated turd of a movie .
this " film " is a travesty .
no , wait -- an abomination .
no , wait -- this is without a doubt the absolute worst film ever made featuring beloved characters created and established by other actors .
i thought " inspector clouseau " with alan arkin ( ! )
instead of peter sellers was ludicrous and sacrilegious , but even daring to " remake " stan laurel and oliver hardy
is asinine and money grubbing .
mr . laurel and mr. hardy have been dead , respectively , since 1957 and 1965 .
why anyone would even begin to imagine that suitable updates for l & h would be in the persona of bronson pinchot and gailard sartain is beyond me .
i tuned in fully expecting to be horrified and embarrassed
and i certainly was n't disappointed .
everyone involved in this pathetic , moronic , disgrace should be blackballed from anything and everything associated with hollywood and film - making .
movie at
all costs -- you have been duly warned .
ok its not the best film i 've ever seen
but at the same time i 've been able to sit and watch it twice ! ! !
story line was pretty awful and during the first part of the first short story i wondered what the hell i was watching but at the same time it was so awful i loved it
cheap laughs all the way .
and jebidia deserves an oscar for his role in this movie the only thing that let him down was half way through he stopped his silly name calling.overall
the film was pretty perfetic but
if your after cheap laughs and you see it in pound land go by it .
this is a horrid disaster of a film .
from beginning to end , it 's filled with bad acting and even worse direction and editing .
the only redeeming parts of the film are a few numbers by streisand , because the kristofferson parts are impossible to watch or listen to .
the main problem of this film is that we never see kristofferson 's character at his peak or streisand 's character struggling .
the first should be seen in decline and the second rising .
the final streisand number _ could have been _ one of the greatest finales in film , if it was directed and edited properly .
the single framed shot of her face for the duration of the song was a terrible mistake .
had the band , audience and wide shots of the stage been shown , this number could have been dynamic and interesting .
this film must have been directed and edited by an nyu film school dropout .
the only thing worse may be the wretched screenplay .
the final musical number is the only redeeming part of this film , and even that is botched completely by misguided technical decisions .
the spoilers in this review are offered as a public service , because the only way to enjoy this costume melodrama is to know that our protagonist , the lady barbara skelton , gets raped and gunned down in the end .
and not a moment too soon .
i 'd have shot the screen myself
but i was afraid i 'd hit james mason .
the original 1943 novel , called " the life and death of the wicked lady skelton "
( i guess people did n't whine about spoilers back then ) , was written by a woman , an english navy brat who was either troubled or cynical or both .
her heroine is devastatingly beautiful , and the author seems to think that if you have beauty , nothing else matters .
but other things do matter , such as the fact that lady barbara 's immediate and only response when someone gets in her way is homicide .
she murders three men in five attempts .
a serial femme fatale , she 's got a case of dissocial personality disorder that should have landed her in either bedlam or newgate .
lockwood plays her as a narcissistic vamp , wearing so much makeup that i thought of her as a restoration - era joan rivers ( or a restoration - era joan rivers , ha ! ) .
yet lady b. is irresistible to all three principal male characters-- michael rennie , james mason , and griffith jones , all of whom do good work , as does patricia roc .
of course , all three admirers realize in short order what a psychotic bitch barbara is , but the plot keeps them all in her orbit until one of them finally does gun her down - accidentally , in what is meant to be either irony or just desserts .
given the dramatic death scene with a boom lifting the camera out through the windows and heavenward , i presume we 're meant to give a damn about her death .
but hers is the first corpse we do n't care about .
i always thought people were a little too cynical about these old andy hardy films .
a couple of them were n't bad .
modern film critics are not ones who usually prefer nice
to nasty , so goody - two shoes movies like these rarely get praisenonetheless , i ca n't defend this movie either .
you can still have an dated dialog but still laugh and cry over the story .
watching this , you just shake your head ask yourself , " how stupid can you get ?
" this is cornier than corny , if you know what i mean .
it is so corny
i can not fathom too many people actually sitting through the entire hour - and - a - half .
the story basically is " andy " ( mickey rooney ) trying to get out of jam because he makes up some story about involved with some débutante from new york city as if that was the ultimate .
people were a lot more social - conscious in the old days .
you 'd hear the term " social - climber " as if knowing rich or beautiful people was the highest achievement you could make it life .
it 's all utter nonsense , of course , and looks even more so today .
however , it 's about as innocent and clean a story and series
( there were a half dozen of these andy hardy films made ) as you could find .
also , if you like to hear judy garland sing , then this is your ticket , as she sings a couple of songs in here
and she croons her way into andy 's heart .
oh man , i almost throw up even writing about this !
i borrowed this movie from library think it might be delightful .
how wrong am i!it is such a bad movie that i have to write something about it .
mira sorvino is so bad in the movie , it is very painful to watch the scene with her .
she is a pretty girl , but in this movie , she is not seductive at all , but i will have to witness her awkward attempt to seduce almost all the other major characters .
it is so ridiculous .
and the dialog of the film is so pretentious , and lack the humorous fact that make then acceptable .
totally failure .
this is an extremely boring film .
if you grew up during the vietnam
was , as i did , then you 've seen and heard all of the film footage and arguments here a hundred times by now .
but what really makes this film boring is the narration by director carlton sherwood .
the majority of the film is shot with sherwood talking directly into the camera about his opinion of this conflicting time in the history of our nation .
if you 're old enough to remember vietnam , then you wo n't find anything new here .
there is no new evidence to condemn john kerry or new evidence worthy of another documentary on vietnam .
younger viewers who are interested in the subject should see george butler 's excellent film going upriver !
stolen honor was clearly meant to be a hatchet job on john kerry , but it fails miserably at accomplishing that goal .
if i could have rated this movie by 0 i would have !
i see some ppl at imdb says that this is the funniest movie of the year , etc etc excuse me ?
are you ppl snorting lsd or ........ ?
there is absolutely nothing funny about this movie n o t h i n g !
i actually want my 27 minutes back of my life that i spent watching this piece of crap .
i read someone sitting on an airplane watching this movie stopped watching after 30 minutes , i totally understand that , i actually would have watched snakes on a plane for 2 times over instead of watching this movie once !
do not watch this movie , do something else useful with your life do the dishes , walk the dog , hell ...
anything is better than spending time in front of the tv watching hot rod .
where to start ...
if this movie had been a dark comedy , i would say it was fannn - tastic !
unfortunately for me , and anyone else with free time and a buck to spare
( mind you that was the price i paid , got it from wal - mart ) , this movie was meant to be a thriller .
the only thrill i got was watching kirkland 's lousy rendition of anne wilkes from misery sans snowy woodland area .
if you want a good laugh , on a rainy friday night with some friends , then i highly recommend this movie .
but if you want to watch something at least half way decent , then do n't even bother .
i for one enjoy crappy films , the worse the better in most cases .
but wow ... i meant wow ! !
the only person in the entire film that did n't stink it up was the little boy , played by vincent berry .
the only reason why i even give it 3 stars is because it gave me something to do .
at the beginning of the movie , the beautiful photography and the scenes of the fox were amazing .
however , the story was so very slow and boring .
and then the little girl begins to domesticate the fox , which leads to tragic events .
we live in the forest , and frequently see foxes .
one thing anyone should know is that you leave wild animals to be wild , and enjoy them from afar .
this movie sets a terrible example to the children who will be watching it , in trying to make a wild creature into a pet .
i do not know what the point of the story was supposed to be .
even after the terrible events with the main fox , the little girl was still wanting to play with the kits .
does she never learn her lesson ?
and there are other scenes featuring predator animals to the fox , which only adds to the trauma inflicted on children watching this movie .
what a disappointment this movie was .
and what a horrible story it tells .
the final narrated dialog was so stupid , by which time my wife and i were screaming at the tv !
i absolutely hated this movie , and would never recommend it to anyone !
repugnant bronson thriller .
unfortunately , it 's technically good and i gave it 4/10 , but it 's so utterly vile that it would be inconceivable to call it " entertainment " .
far more disturbing than a typical slasher film .
i really wanted to like this movie and watched all the way through thinking it had to get better .
do n't get me wrong
, it 's not the worst flick ever
but it never lives up to
it 's potential .
the premise is good , the cast is great ( i was especially pumped to witness the return of david naughton ) and , god love 'em , you can tell everyone tried their best .
it just falls short over and over again . "
brutal massacre " should serve as a constant reminder to filmmakers that only christopher guest can do christopher guest movies and , despite the fact he makes it look easy , you should probably just forget trying to do the same .
naughton and brian o'halloran are fantastic in this and they should be seen more often ... they are the reason this gets 4 stars from me .
if you 're going to have the " spinal tap " of horror
i suspect you might want the guy who made " spinal tap " to helm it ... just thinking out loud there .
this may be one of the worst movies to ever make it to production , ever.1 .
the most exciting part is the beginning , where the guy is walking ... and walking ... and walking ( spoiler ) .
there is about 15 minutes of just walking .
not to mention there 's a lot of issues with the lighting , and it 's almost like they even shot the night scenes during the day .
the acting was terrible .
it looks like they found a community theater ( in mexico ) ... and then took the people who were turned away .
please , for the love of everything holy , do n't rent this movie .
if you know someone who owns it , apologize to them .
the director should be subject to punishment through the war crimes tribunal for foisting this on the public .
nine minutes of psychedelic , pulsating , often symmetric abstract images , are enough to drive anyone crazy .
i did spot a full - frame eye at the start , and later some birds silhouetted against other colors .
it was just not my cup of tea .
it 's about 8½ minutes too long .
i guess this goes to prove that joe don baker will do anything for a buck .
the concept of the film was n't very good to start with .
this movie has so many bad things about it
i do n't know where to start .
the acting is horrible .
the cinematography is marginal at best .
the soundtrack was pretty bad .
the score is terrible .
there 's a reason why this movie ended up on mystery science theater 3000 .
i voted before i wrote this
and i can not believe that 9 people actually thought this " film " is excellent .
they must have liked the two go - go dancers .
final justice would be if they locked this stinker in the film vault outside wichita and never let anyone see it again !
a 1 out of 10 rating is far better than this deserves .
( 48 out of 278 people found this comment useful , and counting ...
)people are such suckers for image and looks - as much as for the intellectually hollow " idealism " that lurks behind communism .
che 's charisma and looks have as much to do with his iconic stature as the misinformation that has been spread by leftist propaganda ( such as this movie ) about him .
i do n't know what 's worse : being captured by one of che 's murder - squads or having to sit through 4 hours of this typically soderberghian garbage .
the question is n't why this pet - project was made but what took them so long .
by " them " i 'm referring , of course , to left - wing hollywood and its " secret " love of marxist tyrants ( lenin , castro ... take your pick ) .
i am fascinated that it took decades for one of tinseltown 's least talented liberal directors to finally take on such an irresistibly biased propaganda project .
where was oliver stone all these years ?
robert redford ?
tim robbins ?
warren beatty ?
alan pakula ?
george clooney ?
barbra streisand even ?
it 's a mystery .
all these overrated " artists " have often indulging themselves in similar , politically one - sided projects , yet somehow che guevara , who is arguably the most popular and well - known communist , has n't been a film topic of theirs yet .
"guerrilla
" has all the hallmarks of an american truth - bending story of an epic scale ; there is as much factual detail to be found here as in other similar hollywood big - budget political fairy - tale bios such as " malcolm x " or " gandhi " , i.e. almost none .
the movie stars del toro as the famous argentinian revolutionary .
nevertheless , however controversial and criminal this man 's actions may have been , one thing nobody could take away from him : he was an intelligent manipulator who came from a rich family - which is why del toro fits the bill only visually .
del toro may be an interesting , charismatic actor and he may resemble guevara physically , but he exudes no intellectual qualities whatsoever , hence he makes guevara come off as too primitive .
casting such mediocrities as bratt , philips and franka incompetente only underlines the director 's lack of sound judgment .
the movie is to the most part extremely slow ( no surprise there ) , and visually uninteresting .
even a director as brilliant as kubrick would have carefully considered releasing a movie that goes beyond the 3-hour mark , so it 's quite telling that this soderbergh , who has only made one or two solid movies and early on in his career , would think that his oceanic grandness was up to the task .
if you think the film 's length indicates that a bulk of che 's life has been shown here - then think again .
soderbergh focuses on che 's last phase , and a lot of the movie is tedious jungle nonsense , full of guevara 's alleged idealism .
( psychopaths do n't have ideals . )
i do wonder what kind of a mind this highly esteemed director has to have to actually choose to ignore some of che 's earlier life .
did he actually consider it too uninteresting ?
a massacre of 600 people holds no interest for the viewer , huh ?
amazing .
some much better directors than this over - praised charlatan would have easily fit not one but two complete biographies into a 4-hour movie .
soderbergh , in a sense , becomes an accomplice by never addressing the negative , dark side - which is more than 90 % - of guevara .
by spreading this kind of historical inaccuracy , consciously ignoring the ugly truth ( god forbid he should taint the holy image of che ) , soderbergh proves himself not a humanist - a fake image which most hollywood and pop music personalities struggle very hard all their careers to uphold - but the opposite : that he cares only about ideas , never about the people on whom these ideas are tested ( like on guinea pigs ) .
soderbergh and the like are elitists of the worst kind ; such people often have a latent contempt for the " proleteriat " ( what a stupid term ) they 're supposedly siding with .
half of all students around the world wear che 's image on their red and orange shirts , but without ever knowing why .
he has become an iconic figure for clueless , uninformed , very often young people , who think that by having this man 's face on their chest that somehow makes them appear " edgy " , intellectual , hip or interesting .
in reality , wearing a che shirt only underlines one 's overall shallowness and total disinterest in self - education .
( would n't you want to find out more about a person before you start advertising his / her face to the world ? )
wearing che 's by - now cliché image has become as common as having a bart simpson coffee cup .
all those " che - wearers " probably know more about marge 's blue hair than they 'll ever read up on about fidel castro 's dead ally .
after everything that 'd been done in the name of marx , one would think that these mongrel " ideals " would be finally laid to rest .
it seems mankind will never learn .
stalin , mao , kim il , pol pot , castro , milosevic , ceausescu , the iron curtain , a hundred million dead , more than a billion ruined physically and/or mentally through this system ... so none of that matters , huh ?
the fact that del toro won a cannes award should only surprise those who are absolutely clueless as to how cannes and other european festivals work - and vote .
hint :
sean penn headed a jury not long ago .
for my music - related rants , go to : http://rateyourmusic.com/collection/fedor8/
i got this in the dvd 10 pack curse of the dead .
you got ta love those bargain packs .
for even if they do n't feature true remastering , restoration and all that hoo - ha , and the films are generally in full - frame pan and scan format , there 's no denying that there are always a few gems included .
and by " gems " , i mean there 's always some good crap to be seen , especially if the films are from the ' 70s as the mansion of madness is .
my copy is called mansion of madness , but when the title screens roll it 's poe 's dr. tarr 's torture dungeon .
does n't matter , really , as crap is crap is crap , no ?
but saying this film is completely worthless is not true at all .
there are some funky elements here and there , and obviously the flick did have a decent budget .
the opening title sequence is cool with its colored negative run through a cheap tv look .
the dialogue is always hilarious .
near the beginning of the film , the horse and buggy driver gets out to move a dead tree stump in the middle of the road .
what strength ! " says our hero .
funny , then , that this dude should later not be able to fight off the wacky woodsmen when they come to make freaky fun .
you 'll completely forget that this guy was even in the movie until he crops up again later near the end .
that 's how memorable these characters are .
the best part about mansion of madness , however , has to be the wacky music and screwball hijinks that the good guys have to endure .
it 's like bad cartoon music that a three year old would find enjoyable .
and why all the weirdo slapstick , anyway ?
i 'd say my fave moment had to be when the horse and buggy is ambushed by the forest freaks when they pull a stupid looking homemade ghost up by a stick in the middle of the road and make the buggy stop .
what the hell ?
oh yeah
, there 's plenty of boobies to be seen , too , for those of you that dig such things .
boobies , bad dialogue , and wacky music .
that best sums of mansion of madness for me .
it 's well worth at least one viewing , and may be a lot better if you 've had a few to drink or whatnot .
i ca n't say i was ever bored watching it , but i ca n't deny that it 's also a barrel of poop .
kinda like magical mystery tour but with a plot , but not .
and mr. chicken pwnz .
i really hate this show !
i had watched one episode , and i knew this show is really terrible .
the story lines are both poorly written and executed and the jokes are really bad ...
i mean it is just a sh++ty rip - off of dexter 's laboratory and johnny quest , 'bout an obnoxious boy with flamed blond hair with his twin genius sisters and talking dog ; a stay - at - home dad and a smart , super - busy mom ...
like oh - my - flippin'-god !
their dad is a mother - f**kin ' crazy home - maker , is n't that so gay !
if my dad is a home - maker , i would personally die !
of shame that is ...
really i would .
i have nothing else to about this ...
this travesty but only 3 word ; count them 3 words to describe it : · lame , · stupid , and above all ... · f**k up !
that 's all i could say folks , it is definitely making my list of worst animated series ev - er !
if i had one that is .
it 's 1978 , and yes obviously there are too many black players on the teams as well !
fans will be upset and certainly the 75,000 seats will be full , only less happy there are so many black players on the field !
this made for tv super bowl movie is watchable .
it 's not much more , but it 's really surprising the cast of talented actors that make an appearance ( for the time ) , probably most notably tom selleck .
unfortunately any goodness selleck brings to the screen , is quickly trumped by " actors " like dick butkus .
it 's a silly story about super bowl betting .
pj jackson is charged by " new york " ( read mafia ) for ensuring the game ends for their favor , in this case a $ 10,000,000 bet .
pj is innocent enough , and seems to have a loose grasp by buying off a few people here and there .
but things seem to fall apart for him .
another person , the unsuspected lainie , takes charge .
for a while , the mystery of murders is n't known for certain , but is revealed rather plainly at the final murder that lainie is the new antagonist .
it 's a bad movie , but is watchable .
the acting is decent , and the filming is ok .
at least there were n't any silly typical 70s car chases
( they have their place just not here ) .
just keep an open mind about past stereotyping and the cocaine era
and you 'll survive.2/10 ( maybe a 2.5 )
dreck about three beautiful women in california who go to cover some festival ( or something ) .
all the hotels are booked
so they have to spend the night in a creepy old house .
what they do n't know is that there is a creepy inhabitant there who likes to kill ...
yawn .
boring , pointless , utterly stupid " horror " film .
bach and her two buddies are certainly beautiful but the movie itself is dull dull dull !
bach and her friends are no actresses -- their faces are blank all the way through .
the final " revelation " is laughably predictable and there 's no blood or gore to keep you interested along the way .
there is some expected gratuitous female nudity but that 's not enough to save this .
boring , pointless and unknown ( for good reason ) .
a 1 all the way .
i have to admit that i stuck this one out thinking something would have to happen , besides the dead body in the first scenes ...
and her disposal of him .
i was wrong .
it was a cinema verite of betty hits the beach encased for the first part by mordant morven .
i really do n't care what young lassies from scotland do these days , who thy screw , what drugs they take .
visually , the stroll through the cabo de gata in andalucia was pleasant and surely the high point for me .
the nadir was the chop shop for her dead boyfriend .
as the movie came to a close i had two thoughts ...
that 's all there is ?
now i see why her boyfriend killed himself .
rename it . "
bare bitch boredom , or what i did on my trip to spain .
" i 'm such a sucker for sticking these things out .
i saw this movie about 5 years ago , and the memory of it still haunts me to this day .
i was fully aware at how awful it was supposed to be going into it , so i have only myself to blame .
but like most , i did n't believe all the negativity .
being a sandler fan , it just seemed inconceivable one of his movies could really be that bad .
i figured it was just sandler haters .
i could n't have been more wrong .
what we have here is a comedy that does not contain even 1 second of anything funny .
that is actually quite an accomplish .
you 'd think in a 90 minute comedy , they might have accidentally stumbled upon something even remotely amusing .
but no , it 's just horrible .
it 's not " so bad it 's good " , its just bad .
you can not laugh at how bad it is , you can only cry .
you wait patiently for a joke that will at least make you chuckle , but they never come .
have you seen the movie
the ring ?
where the people watch a video tape and die 7 days later ?
if this movie was on the video tape , people would die instantly , by their own hand , and there would be smile on their face as they realize their agony has ended , and that would be the first smile since they pressed play .
you might be inclined to watch it just to see how bad it is , unable to curb your curiosity .
do n't .
please do n't .
trust me , i 'm doing you a favor .
there are 2 types of people in the world , those that think going overboard is the worst movie ever made , and those that have not yet seen it .
i watched this movie because i like nicolas cage and well
, i found it strange and completely pointless ...
so i decided to poke around a little bit and got my hands on the 70s copy of it .
what a difference .
the original one was way better .
i 'd like you all to know it did originally actually make a statement
, it 's existence did have a purpose .
it was really the christian public expressing their fear of paganism .
if you dig deeper into it it also makes comments on life
but i do n't want to go into details
, just , simply put , if you were disappointed and you 'd like to know what it should look like , feel free to watch the 70s version , a little dated , but a lot better .
i caught this cuban film at at an arthouse film club .
it was shown shortly after the magisterial 1935 silly symphony cartoon where the isle of symphony is reconciled with the isle of jazz .
what with the recently deceased ruben gonzalez piped through speakers in this old cinema - ballroom and a cuban flag hanging from peeling stucco rocaille motifs , the scene was set for a riproaring celebration of engaged filmmaking and synchronised hissing at the idiocies of helms - burton .
but then the film started .
and the cinema 's peeling paint gradually became more interesting than the shoddy mess on - screen .
the storyline of nada mas promises much .
carla is a bored envelope - stamper at a cuban post office .
her only escape from an altogether humdrum existence is to purloin letters and rewrite them , transforming basic interpersonal grunts into brontëan outbursts of breathless emotion .
cue numerous shots of photogenic cubans gushing with joy , grief , pity , terror and the like .
the problem is that the simplicity of the narrative is marred by endless excursions into film - school artiness , latino caricature , marx brothers slapstick and even - during a particularly underwhelming editing trick - the celluloid scratching of a schoolkid defacement onto a character 's face .
unidimensional characters abound .
cunda , the boss at the post office , is a humourless dominatrix - nosferatu .
her boss - eyed accomplice , concha , variously points fingers , eavesdrops and screeches .
cesar , the metalhead dolt and romantic interest , reveals hidden writing talent when carla departs for miami .
a chase scene ( in oh - so - hilarious fast - forward ) is thrown in for good measure .
all this would be fine in a mortadello and filemon comic strip , but in a black - and - white zero - fx flick with highbrow pretensions , ahem .
nada mas attempts to straddle the stile somewhere between the ' quirky - heroine - matchmakes - strangers ' of amelie and the ' poetry - as - great - redeemer ' theme of il postino .
like amelie , its protagonist is an eccentric single white female who combats impending spinsterdom by trying to bring magic into the lives of strangers .
and like il postino , the film does not flinch from sustained recitals of poetry and a postman on a bicycle takes a romantic lead .
unfortunately , nada mas fails to capture the lushness and transcendence of either film .
there are two things that might merit watching this film in a late - night tv stupor .
the first is the opening overhead shot of carla on a checker - tiled floor , which cuts to the crossword puzzle
she is working on .
the second is to see nada mas as a cautionary example : our post buena vista social club obsession with cuban artistic output can often blinker us into accepting any dross that features a bongo on the soundtrack .
this film should not have merited a global release - films such as waiting list and guantanamera cover similar thematic territory far more successfully .
except for the better than average acting skills of the two leads , this movie is really , really bad .
the cheap production values do n't help .
of course , you would n't really notice that the production values are cheap if they did n't keep trying to convince you they had a production values to begin with .
even for a b - movie genre freak like myself , this movie really sucks .
i 'm not sure this is a spoiler ; perhaps it is a public service .
if you are one of those people focused on instant gratification who skip end credits , you will miss the final line of the end credits news announcer 's voice - over , which states the u.s. has just surrendered to nazi germany on may 7 , 1945 to end wwii .
here are just a few of the problems with this close : 1)the older viewer must conjure up the equivalent of two or three more unholy movies in their mind 's eye to fill in the yawning chasm between movie events and this startling conclusion.2)the average person will really kick themselves that they did not " watch " one of these unholy fill - in - the - blanks flicks created in their own head for free , instead of shelling out time and money to see this unholy from the video store ( or on cable).3)this end credits sequence of imagined news bulletins may be the first information some younger viewers are exposed to about wwii , leading them to the conclusion that george w. bush is the latest heir to the nazi throne .
from the first time i saw the box cover of the movie and the stretched out photography
i thought this guy , this friend of the ' scwarz ' must be like 6 foot or 6 ft 2 in .
not 5 feet tall .
not that , it 's his fault .
at any rating , i turned on the movie one cool night in tucson , out on the second story - deck with a good cigar and let it roll .
at that time my wife was having an affair and things were going down hill for me , so i needed a good diversion .
but , as bad as the movie was ...
i totally enjoyed it , with a bottle of merlot too , i might admit .
truly , i have watched this movie many times .
it always makes me feel good ! !
it 's not that it ' tries too hard ' to be cool or that ' it 's so close ' to hitting the mark for an action film ....
it 's frantic .
and then truly clueless .
then frantic again .
it 's the best of the best when it comes to a slow speed chase scene .
wow ! !
i never felt safer in my life .
warm and happy too .
i was thankful that they conserved on the gasoline during the chase , due to less production in the summer months ...
anywho
the direction was ' uninspired ' the action and fight sequences needed to be choreographed , or re - choreographed and tightened up , the sound was off the delivery
did n't hit you , it just kept on going , the other way .
the ' locals ' of that village that they were in , the town rather , were ' off cue ' they also did not seem to follow what was happening very well , the would look and even ' stare ' into the camera lens .
like a deer in the head lights kind of thing
only some of them with a smile , a smiling deer .
i feel bad because ' columbu ' i just bet has a good heart and a caring spirit for people in america as well as for his own countrymen .
however " baretta 's island " is very lethargic and unbelievable .
even still i like it a lot .
my now x - wife hates it , but i love it !
the funny thing is , i am pretty discriminating when it comes to movies i like or even ' love ' .
all in all , i like franco .
so there it is .
as a movie adding addendum to this if you like killing a few hours with truly fun to watch , straight to video - b movies or ' bad ' movies for your little library collection then , if you can find it , check out ' the big sweat ' ( 1991 ) with robert z ' dar ..
you know the big guy from ' tango & cash ' . '
the big sweat ' , a bomb of a cop story with no real plot discovery and acting that is so lame , it might as well be ' on crutches ' and at the end of ' the big sweat ' i think they ran out of money , because they had a picture of the cast and just set it on fire and let it burn during the credits .
-good fun .
but all in all , not as good as baretta 's island ' , i gave it a ' 1 ' and an overall rating of ' awful ' for awful - good b ' movie .
i 'm waiting for the sequel , maybe like ' baretta 's revenge on montazuma ' ( franco takes a mexican vacation and gets sick on the water then , declares war on the water co. ) or ' baretta 's powder war ' where as he would stake out a large drug lord in his country and chemically gene - splice and create a hybrid super bug ( insect ) that would be bred and dropped into the cocaine fields and eat the coke and upon passing it through the bug , it forms a chemical reaction that turns the coke to pure powdered sugar .
then another sequel he would have to get the young people rescued from excessive sugar addiction and so on .
he could get a major tooth paste company to endorse and partially fund the project with careful product placement in the feature .
right ?
this italian semi - horror movie starts out very much like a soft core porn movie and turns into a mystery that has a few to many loose ends to be good , that and the fact it is rather dull just makes this film rather unwatchable for my tastes .
the only thing really worth watching are the many boobs spread throughout the film .
the story has a guy who at the beginning of the movie luring girls to his castle where he proceeds to take them to his dungeon , go berserk and seemingly kill them .
they show the nudity , but they never really show the murders at this point in the film .
then the guy finds a nice red head at a party and proceeds to make out with her and marry her .
he has a thing for red heads you see as his beloved former wife evelyn was also one , she also died under circumstances that must have not been the viewing audience 's business .
after a lot of talky scenes murders start to take place involving snakes , foxes and such .
at this point it is easy enough to figure out who is responsible for the murders and
what the motive is then you have a nonsensical ending where everything wraps up not so nicely .
this movie just did not work for me , it left me with to many questions and the last third of the film just did not have the boobs of the first two thirds of the film .
explaining evelyn 's death would have helped the film as would have some sort of ending where evelyn did rise from the grave .
granted the title is not totally misleading as she did sort of leave the grave , just not under her own power .
the gore is very light for the most part as there is a scene with the foxes and a scene at the end with quite a bit of blood too .
i just thought for the most part this movie was a tad dull .
damp telling of the american revolution .
when farmer ' tom dobb ' ( al pacino ) and his son arrive in new york harbor , they are immediately conscripted by street urchin annie lennox ...
annie lennox ? ...
to contribute to the war effort .
after getting chopped down by bits of chain - link fired from british cannons , tom and his son are promptly chastised by continental army sympathizer ' daisy ' ( nastassja kinski ) for ' not standing their ground ' .
following this kodak moment , a series of digressive chapters take place including tom 's participation in a ' foxhunt ' in which he must carry a model of " poor old georgie washington " stuffed in effigy while running from a lace handkerchief - wielding english captain ( manning redwood ) , and having a barbecue with a group of iroquois indians as they plan on the best way to sneak back into the fighting so
al and his ingrate kid can kick the crap out of british officer donald sutherland 's butt .
director hugh hudson presents a unique style of film - making and the atmosphere is as thick as the proverbial london fog , but the scriptwriter 's painting of the redcoats as evil monsters once again reveals hollywood 's patented hatred of the british .
steven berkoff appears as an enlisted american soldier .
i must admit , there are few books with corresponding movies that i have actually read before seeing the cinematic adaptation .
nineteen eighty - four happens to be one of those rare cases .
the book was great .
it was immersive and interestingly prophetic .
but the movie just plain sucked .
it is easily the worst film i have ever seen .
the only reason i did n't turn it off after the first 5 minutes was the fact that watching the movie was half of a two - part assignment for a class .
it was dark and grotesque , but did nothing in the way of achieving the proper atmosphere .
the acting was nothing above average , and considering the fact that there was n't much to act out , this was severely disappointing .
the book , for example , did n't give me the impression that winston was unable to blurt out more than a single syllable at a time .
boring , disturbing , and visually unappealing , the movie totally cannibalized the book .
a second ... isn't
it british ?
i thought this was a sequel of some sorts , and it is meant to be to the original from 1983 .
but a sequel is not taking the original plot and destroying it .
i actually had very little expectations to this movie , but i just wasted 95 minutes of life .
no suspense - i actually feel clairvoyant , poor acting , and so filled with technical errors , so i as a computer geek just could n't believe it .
they have tried to make it a mix between a generic war movie and 24 hours .
but this is not even worthy of a low budget tv movie .
do not see this movie , this is a complete waste of time .
instead get the original .
the theme is still valid .
do n't let to much power into a machine .
and the acting and plot is far more exiting and compelling .
and i thought the beach was bad , with the difference that this movie has one of the greatest actors of our time , nicolas cage .
do n't blame him for the awful script , if any one can make any sense of what the hell was the point of that movie , give your self a pat on the back .
its a cross between the village and a crappier script .
its starts off kinda catching your eye , and then as it goes further into the plot , it just makes no sense , and do n't get me started about the ending ! ! ! !
what was that ?
the only thing that makes this movie exist is nicolas cage usual great humor , and his ability to be funny in the weirdest situations .
if you go to a blockbuster and this is the only movie to watch , save yourself five bucks and just go back home and turn put some thing on fire and when some ones asks you why , just say the stupidest thing that comes into your mind , and there you go !
my commentary has nothing to do with the political sentiments found in the film .
in fact , they 're quite congruent with mine .
what gets me is the fact that in terms of a movie , it is stupid and devoid of any semblance of story , motive or dialogue .
maybe someone should tell neal that substituting lyrics of songs which are failing to inspire anyone outside of a dwindling audience is n't the same thing as creating characters who are motivated to speak because of events created by the writer or director .
a silly narrative remains as such despite the iconic legacy of neal young .
the most childish scene is the one where the devil dances his way into a bar , slips a tonic to an unsuspecting hero , who then finds his way onto the dance floor to mouth the words to young song to the heroine , who is unaware of what 's taken place .
somehow these two dream up a scheme where they will go up the west coast in search of ? ?
sorry neal , stick with music and leave film making to steven stills .
want to watch a scary horror film ?
then steer clear of this one .
there 's not enough beer in the world to make this film enjoyable .
however , there is enough scotch .
single - malt , if you can manage it .
if the previous comments were n't enough to keep you from watching this film sober , allow me to assist .
nasa sends one man and two unpaid extras into space to orbit saturn .
a really big solar flare causes colonel steve west to bleed from the nose .
things go downhill from there , and wackiness ensues .
i actually read the book adaptation , which was published and released only in the uk .
miles better than the film , and the book was dreadful .
at least some pretense is made towards suspense , and some sort of explanation of events is pulled out from the author 's ( rhymes with ' gas').not to say that the film is completely without merit .
rick baker learned that he really ought to read a contract before signing on to a film , and jonathan demme found that he 's really better suited to direct .
yes , there is an mst3 k episode featuring this flick , but it is , of course , edited quite a bit .
without the obligatory flashing of the breasts , not even the healing power of scotch can save you .
please , just go watch raiders of the lost ark if you want to see a guy melt .
see space cowboys if you feel the need to see astronauts .
i can not , in all good conscience , recommend this film to the sober film - going public .
if it smells like garbage and if it looks like garbage , it must be garbage .
this is by far one of the worst movies i have ever seen in my entire life .
tony scott 's poor directing style puts shame to an already uninteresting and slightly untrue story of domino harvey 's life as a bounty hunter .
the story is completely discontinuous and confusing to watch .
certain aspects of the plot were ridiculous and totally unbelievable .
it seems that all of the action scenes were loosely strung together by poor plot points and horrible acting .
keira knightley does get totally naked in this one though .
that is the one and only upside to this film .
if you want to see her naked just fast forward the movie until about an hour and a half into it and you 'll catch a whole lot of nipple .
i strongly suggest that no one see this movie ever!</3
i picked up this movie for $ 5 dollars at a discount book store , adam sandler is a awesome actor and i figured it would be a good movie , well , it was n't .
there was absolutely no story line at all , bad jokes , and
the other comedian said " the f - word " every other word he said , cursing usually dosen't
bother me
but this was over the top .
and even worse than the lack of story line was the parts when sandler would just begin talking into the camera at random parts in the movie
, it reminded me of dora the explorer when they turn and look at the screen and ask you questions .
and last of all is when they would randomly put in bikini shots of girls at random times in the movie .
in my opinion , do n't buy this movie , its a waste of money
i saw ' descent ' last night at the stockholm film festival
and it was one huge disappointment .
disappointment because the storyline was potentially powerful , the prospect of seeing rosario dawson in a smaller intimate movie was exciting and , being a fan ( sounds pervy , i 'm not ! )
of ' rape / revenge ' flicks of the 70 's , i was needless to say very curious to check this movie out .
my conclusion : let 's stick to the classics !
yes , the storyline has potential but the dialogs are flat , the actors unconvincing .
even dawson is empty .
some would say that it 's a right depiction of the college world in the us , that the emptiness of the characters serve a purpose and all that jazz
but it just makes the whole movie unsubstantial .
just like the scene where dawson gets raped : it seriously lacks intensity !
i was n't expecting anything ' irreversible'-style
but still , are n't we suppose to feel compassion for her ?
i did n't .
not for a minute , she was so lame all the way
and i read that the photography was impressive .
well , it is good indeed but nothing ground - breaking either .
i must admit that the screening at the festival was n't so good
so maybe i missed out something here
but at the end of the movie , i could n't help thinking ' i feel like watching argento 's ' inferno ' again .
more seriously , the first scene in the club is beautifully shot and all
but i had the bitter sensation of watching a longer and more boring version of the scene in the filthy bar near the american - canadian border in lynch 's ' twin peaks - fire walk with me ' ...
the crude red and blue lighting , the heavy bass music , the general lascivious / decadent atmosphere
no , i just could n't get into this movie .
too bad .
this reminded me soo much of michael winner 's crappy ' dirty weekend ' with it 's awful english low budget feel .
firstly i must say i am a fan of both exploitation and serious film .
i appreciate , say , ' demented ' for it 's ineptitude and ' last house on the left ' for it 's sheer unashamed brutality .
and any number of inventive and increasingly brutal italian spin offs .
this was just pointless though .
kind of like a british budget director thought ' let 's remake "
i spit on your grave " without making it too harrowing now that horror is back in fashion with hostel .
the whole thing just does n't hang together or have a point .
what 's with the rapists 's daughter ?
why bother having the man be an expert in security cameras ?
crappy .
let 's start by the simple lines .
from the viewer 's side , there a couple of good " director details " , some points of view at the movie scenes that are nice .
the special effects are good enough , a good acting / good scenery also .
but the story is way too simple .
it shows how a elite army bomb squad unit lives , acts and sometimes dies .
it shows the drama of living in war .
in my movie experience as a serious action movie " addicted " guy , i missed that click that gets my eyes and mind stuck on the screen .
one of the things that need to be present in a movie in order to i consider it a good one is the ability of immerse the viewer in the movie reality and time .
it did n't happened to me .
i stayed " conscious " , for the entire movie .
honestly speaking , i think that this movie gained its place in fame based on the " subconscious " appeal of american patriotism , a healthy and genuine feeling , but not the adequate use as a movie fame generator .
more than a movie about war , it grows its popularity based on that .
a simple thought : if this was a world war ii or i movie , only changing time , with everything remained the same , would it be this awarded ?
sure not .
because there are great ones that elevate the bar way to high .
compared against its rivals in the oscars , i do n't think that all of the prizes it won are correctly awarded .
this , for lack of a better term , movie is lousy .
where do i start ......
cinemaphotography -
this was , perhaps , the worst i 've seen this year .
it looked like the camera was being tossed from camera man to camera man .
maybe they only had one camera .
it gives you the sensation of being a volleyball .
there are a bunch of scenes , haphazardly , thrown in with no continuity at all .
when they did the ' split screen ' , it was absurd .
everything was squished flat , it looked ridiculous .
the color tones were way off .
these people need to learn how to balance a camera .
this ' movie ' is poorly made , and poorly done .
the plot - you got to be kidding .
if i was an ss agent , i 'd sue the producers .
looked like the marks brothers with radios and guns .
sutherland was in his ' 24 ' mode - i can see this for free .
eva longoria would have been better with a little less on , and a lot more showing .
as an action bimbo she was n't much .
i could n't see a real plot , other than douglas boinking the presidents wife .
never did say why the mercenaries were trying to kill the pres .
i just do n't see the president of the united states running for his life in the utility tunnels of a building , like a rat in a maze .
p - l - e - a - s - e .
hollywood is dead .
this movie is the proof .
i like ' the big screen ' .
have since i was a kid .
many more ' movies ' like this
and i 'll quit going .
what s the matter hollywood , made so many chick flicks , forget how to make a real movie ?
if i owned a theater , i 'd start running the old movies .
the one with real actors , good story lines - and good cinemaphotography .
this ' movie ' is a dog .
do n't waste your time or money on it .
i rate this ' movie ' a zero !
douglas is n't suited for this role .
i can over look his age , but his just is to much of a wimp to carry this off .
this movie is ridiculous .
anyone saying the acting is great and the casting is superb have never seen even mediocre cinema .
the acting is obviously terrible in the first 5 characters you meet .
lame .
i feel like all the other " soaring " comments must have been made by people associated with the filmmakers .
i was not very impressed by the storyline , but just wanted to see some beautiful oregon countryside , and there was some decent cinematography -- but the casting was anything but inspired .
i think this movie also makes a mockery of the generally noble suggestion that something deep in the amerindian culture has been ignored and perhaps lost and that reviving it is worthwhile , and possible .
it places jokes in the wrong and all - too - obvious places , and makes me think it was written by the state department or something .
back to the drawing board .
to even suggest that this film deserves a place in the same vicinity of classics like harold and maude is absolutely retarded , and along the same line of begging and pretension and " joking " as is rampant in this film .
carlos mencia continually , violently , hatefully screaming " b**ch ! "
at women is like screaming " n**ger ! "
at black people , except it 's worse .
remember , the b word , unlike the n word , is the only pejorative term that is still associated on a daily basis with violence . "
b**ch ! " is the last thing women hear before they are raped , beaten , or murdered .
this guy is perpetuating violence by hatefully using the language of violence .
sounds like he may be a gay guy trying to cover by woman - bashing , so that he will sound like a hetero .
and how about all the nazi white guys in his audience giving the fascist salutes while their stupid little bimbo white women whimper tee hee hee at their side , clearly terrified to protest this tidal wave of woman - hating .
tee hee hee .
bet mencia does n't believe or support free speech for them !
come on , carlos 
do you want women to have the free speech to b**ch - slap you as loudly and violently and big - mouthed as you do , or do you think " free speech " is only for men to crap on women ? ? ?
oliver gruner is totally unknown to me .
my friend showed me this film because he had seen gruner in , what he called a pretty good sci - fi film , nemesis .
so as we watched this , we found ourselves fastforwarding through the bs drama parts just to get to the unbelievable action sequences .
gruner loves to kick and kick and kick .
and kick !
hahagruner character is a graduate student who is forced to stay in a ghetto close to the one that he grew up in .
he finds himself watching after the boy who lives with him because he really wants to join in the mexican gang that keeps tormenting his family .
instead of joining up , gruner tells the boy to fight back ( against a gang ?
too crazy ) .
gruner plays a typical van damme character who kills everyone ( or maims them pretty bad ) and works to rid his block of these gangmembers .
the plot was very cheesy and easy to think of .
gruner is probably not very well known because of his script - choosing if this movie is anything to compare possible choices to .
this ghetto is pure hell and i enjoyed seeing the motley crew of characters go through it as if they have a chance against gruner 's character .
the music was typical action music ( thumping pianos and timpani , swelling guitars ) which actually was n't as bad as i make it sound .
the director really needed to keep the action going instead of taking a break every 5 minutes for a tense family moment .
ultimately , i gave it a 4/10 because it really tried to be an average action film for oliver gruner to star in , but the overall feel of the film leaves you wanting more closure on what you just saw .
in the comic , modesty is strong .
alexandra staden who plays modesty blaise looks more like an anorectic fashion model .
she does not either have the moral or personality that modesty have in the comics .
modesty would never give a woman an advice to show more skin to earn more money .
i can not see any similarities with my comic books with modesty and this movie .
its like a mission impossible movie would be about ethan hunt locked in the detention room in high school talking with the janitor about when he went to junior high school and hunt would have been played by dj qualls ( in road trip ) .
if you are an modesty fan do not see the movie you will just get angry .
if do not know much about the modesty comics rent an other movie do not wast your time with this one .
i can not understand how quentin tarantino can put his name on it .
i will ask for a refund at my dvd rent store tomorrow .
when thinking about captivity many words come to mind .
among them are : uninteresting , unentertaining , unsuspensful , unsexy , unfathomable , and unwatchable .
i used to hate those movies from the mid to late nineties that were basically ripoffs of scream
but these new saw knockoffs are beginning to make those films look like classics .
they still pander to the same demographic that those other movies were so successful at doing , but now they add a new level of degeneracy that make the twelve to fourteen year old girls they 're aimed at feel like they 're hardcore and hip .
this movie is a load of boring crap !
what the hell has happened to larry cohen ?
his name has n't been attached to anything good since 1993 !
even so , i was still surprised to see that he had anything to do with something this bad !
was anyone surprised when the movie 's love interest turned out to be one of the psychopaths ?
did anyone not know it when they first saw him ?
only someone who has never before in his or her life , ever seen another movie !
i find it rather useless to comment on this " movie " for the simplest reason that it has nothing to comment upon .
it 's similar to a rotten egg which has nothing good to show to the world excerpt for the fact that it is rotten as other endless number of eggs have been before it .
but since a comment is mandatory for such a grandiose insignificance ...
filth is definitely the proper word to describe this movie created in the same manner as any other romanian " movie " directed by lucian pintilie who insists to depict the so called " romanian reality " following the communist era ( 1990 to present days).under no circumstances recommended for people outside romania as for the others ( who lately find amateurish camera , lack of plot , lack of directorial / actors 's quality etc , noise etc .
as being trendy and even art - like ) : watch & enjoy this " movie " ( as i know you will ) but do the other well intentioned imdb members a favor , do n't write an online review for it will misguide , irritate and in the end waste their time .
on the other hand this movie ( among others ) has some value whatsoever , an educational one for it sets the example for : " how not to make a movie . "
director warren beatty 's intention to turn chester gould 's famous comic strip into a live - action cartoon ( with beatty himself cast in the lead as the square - jawed detective ) had sweet overtures of innocent nostalgia -- quite unusual and intriguing coming from warren beatty .
unfortunately , the picture is requisite ham , fun for awhile but eventually tiring .
dick tracy attempts to bring down mobster big boy caprice , aided by loving tess trueheart but tripped up by evil breathless mahoney .
for the first half - hour or so , the oscar - winning art direction and set design are wonderful to absorb but , as the plot creaks along predictably ( with no real sting in the writing ) , things begin to congeal .
al pacino got a surprise supporting oscar nomination as bad boy caprice , and madonna ( who is mostly used as a decorative prop ) gets to sing stephen sondheim 's " sooner or later
( i always get my man ) " , which copped the award for best original song .
lots of heart , thanks to beatty -- who was dedicated to his vision -- but the picture is too cool and calculated .
it lacks heat .
from * * * *
this is the second movie i saw for horrorfest this past weekend ,
the gravedancers being the first .
gravedancers was better .
i can only guess from watching this that the production must have been quite limited .
i will admit the story started out interesting but really fizzled for me in the end .
we were n't really given time to sympathize or understand any of the characters which only made each of their erratic characteristics even more annoying .
i have to mention that there was also a bit of mis - casting with a 12-year - old boy acting as sheriff .
the only reason i sat through the whole film was to find out what the big secret was , which turned out to not be all that interesting .
some more background about the family would have helped but they did n't really seem like a family at all to begin with .
to me , this film is so amateur that i could n't even see putting it on dvd .
the four rating is for the initial potential the story might have had .
this was one to skip for horrorfest .
a family with dad louis ( dale midkiff ) , mom rachel ( denise crosby ) , 10 year old eileen ( blaze berdalh and about 3 year old gage
( miko hughes ) move to this beautiful house in maine -- seemingly unaware of the semis that roar down the highway in front of their house every 90 seconds or so !
the neighbor across the way ( the wonderful fred gwynne ) makes them feel at home ... and shows them a pet cemetery where children bury their pets .
but a little further on is a sacred ground which can bring the dead back to life ... but the dead come back in a nasty mood .
""definite
spoilers
the novel by stephen king was good -- it was long but it developed characters and situations that made you care what happened .
this movie jettisons
all the character development and just plays up the gore and violence .
animals are killed on camera
( i know it 's faked
but it 's still repulsive ) ; a little boy is hit by a semi and his casket pops open during the funeral ( in a totally sick scene ) ; he 's brought back to life and attacks and kills people including his mom ( i do wonder how a 3 year old was able to hang her ) ; a ghostly jogger ( do n't ask ) tries to help the family for no reason ...
the movie just works the audience over shoving every gruesome death or violence into your face .
it just goes out of its way to shock you .
end spoilers**acting is no help .
midkiff is just dreadful as the father -- he 's handsome and buff but totally blank .
crosby is n't much better .
the two kids are just annoying .
only gwynne single - handedly saves this picture with his effortless good acting .
this picture shows a total contempt for the audience taking large leaps in logic and having characters do incredibly stupid things ( especially midkiff at the end ) .
this movie was ( inexplicably ) a huge box office hit in 1989 which led to the even worse sequel in 1992 .
i saw it in a theatre back then and was disturbed how the audience kept cheering on the violence and was just appalled by what i saw .
a sick repulsive horror film .
a 1 all the way .
when you think it 's all over and ca n't get worse the ramones sing a title song ! ! ! ! ! !
( " i do n't wanna be buried in a pet cemetery " ) .
truly beyond belief .
this movie was extremely poorly conceived from every angle except technological .
i stood and watched everyone waddle out of the theater , their faces drained like their lives flashed before their eyes -- eyes wandering at their neighbor , wondering if it was just them .
i mean , how could the movie really be bad .
nobody'll admit it , it 's a classic case of the emperor wears no clothes .
" who am i to question a movie containing a guy who stops a jet liner ? "
but the fact remains , every member of the audience is thinking what i 'm writing right now .
i actually plagiarized their faces .
obviously lois is only aroused by power , she wo n't even have a cup of coffee with the superman with glasses who does n't stop jet liners .
it ca n't be the look in " his " eyes to the depths of his soul or anything like that .
in the old supermans , she had some level of connection with him , he was n't priority number 1 , obviously , but it strengthened her character that she was " torn " .
i bet henry kissinger would have even won this lois over before clark kent .
and now it 's official , kryptonite does to superman what eating at mcdonalds does to the avg .
person .
superman " one "
he loses his earth dad , then finds his real super dad , the story is captivating every step of the way .
he 's human , he relates to people and he feels love for people , he relates to highschool students , he relates to people who feel different .
he relates .
the superman returns superman seems to relate only to superpeople and it seems he 's just " doing a job " when he 's saving people .
there 's something about clark that lois likes , she 's really internally in love with him but ca n't admit it , and when he comes into the picture as superman , it throws a kink in the on - the - rocks love .
without superman , she would 've fallen in love with clark ( at least that 's what the movie points to , whether it was the intention or not ) .
superman returns is a love story between a woman and superman , clark is like a pile of horse maneur to lois .
literally .
superman two
i just watched it again .
as a kid , i " thought " i enjoyed the action , but now i know it was the story
that held me then too , watching it over and over again .
if i saw superman returns as a child , i would 've hated it then too , i think .
there is so much heart and soul and superpower going around in this movie , it 's sick .
superman gives up his powers for love as a world plot is going on and meanwhile , meanwhile , lex luther 's got something fantastic up his sleeve .
superman three
now there 's a three - way love story between superman and lana and clark , only humanity wins and clark 's inner nature beats superman 's power , because when his supermoral nature is gone and he 's superhuman ( who does human things with his superpowers ) , she sees it 's not the power of superman that she 's in love with
, it 's not superpowerman , but supermortalman that she loves -- and who 's really super .
and when she tells clark she " prefers " him to superman , he is elated , he has made a human connection again .
he wants to be accepted for who he is , not just for his ability to bend steel .
this is the kind of stuff
that 's missing from superman returns.clark super - sneezes to help the kid get a strike - humanity again .
plus , it 's an ineresting use of superpowers .
he 's not just using straight brute strength .
he crushes the coal into a diamond for his woman because she had to sell hers , love is the only thing that drives him to use his powers other than for saving .
it seems there 's nothing at stake in superman returns .
even in superman three , we see the damages caused by the nemesis ' world domination plot ..
we see suffering , we see how it effects pryor and others and people in the middle of it ..
there 's no damage , esp .
emotional from lex 's plot to sink the us .
we see a glob of crystal thrown into space ..
superman had to get very creative in the first three supermans in order to stop the plot against him , he could n't just " access " his superpowers .
in the first one , he had to stop two missiles going in different directions and then break his universal mandate and erase history to save lois ' life ...
( this was thirty years ago ! ! " )
in the second one , he had to outsmart three guys that he was already more powerful than , but combined with lex 's genius , and the villains ' immoral tactics , superman 's overpowering was n't enough , he had to work one against the other and outsmart them ...
in superman iii , again , his superpowers were n't enough to win ..
he had to outsmart a computer that calculated everything it saw .
he could n't use straight aggression on the computer because it calculated it in advance , so he had to use a benign acid that would only become deadly to the computer after the computer responded to the aggression .
and he found that acid earlier when he could n't simply use his superpowers to blow out a fire because it was a chemical fire , so he had to use his superbrains
-- he could n't carry water , so he froze a lake and dropped it on the fire ..
now in superman returns , he simply lunges the island into outerspace , like a night temp for ups .
he does n't need to figure anything out , he just uses his " super strength " .
and lex luther 's brilliance was shown at the premeditation level of a junkie who just ran out of junk .
to say nothing of the fact that he threw that island into outerspace after getting stabbed with a knife of kyrptonite right in the bloodstream and the island itself was dripping kryptonite spores in his face , but he just averted his eyes and nose like it was n't grey poupon
he was looking at .
i can count ( on one hand )
the number of good movies starring joe don baker .
this is not one of them .
interminable chase scenes , dim - witted dialogue , and terrible lapses in continuity made this movie a prime choice for getting the send - up on mst3k.and that is the only way i was able to watch this ...
i absolutely hate this programme , what kind of people sit and watch this garbage ? ?
ok my dad and mum love it lol
but i make sure i 'm well out of the room before it comes on .
its so depressing and dreary but
the worst thing about it is the acting i ca nt stand all detective programmes such as this because the detectives are so wooden and heartless .
what happened to detective programmes with real mystery ? ? ?
i mean who wants to know what happened to fictional characters
we know nothing about that died over 20 years ago ? ? ?
i wish the bbc would put more comedy on bbc1 cos now with the vicar of dibley finished there is more room for crap like this .
one of the previous reviewers wrote that there appeared to be no middle ground for opinions of love story ; one loved it or hated it .
but there seems to be a remarkable distribution of opinions throughout the scale of 1 to 10 .
for me , this movie rated a 4 .
there are some beautiful scenes and locations , and ray milland turns in a fabulous job as oliver 's father .
but the movie did not do a particularly compelling job of telling its story , and the story was not so unique as to warrant multiple viewings , at least , not for me .
i may be a bit of a snob , but i tend to avoid movies with ryan o'neal
-- i still have n't seen barry lyndon -- because most of them , but not all , are ruined for me by his presence .
the lone exception is what 's up , doc ? , in which his straight performance is the perfect underlining for barbra streisand 's goofball protagonist -- and , not coincidentally , he takes a shot at love story for good measure !
mcgraw and o'neal tend to mug their lines , rather than act them .
this movie is notable for the beginning of one fine career : it was tommy lee jones 's first movie .
just finished this movie ... saw it on the video shelf and being a nick stahl fan i just had to rent it .
in all honesty , it probably should have stayed on the shelf .
the concept was an interesting one and there were several fairly smart twists and turns but somehow i guessed almost all of them before they came along .
and the movie just went a little too far in the end in my opinion ...
if you have to suffer through a viewing of it
you 'll see what i mean!on a positive note , nick stahl 's acting was great ( especially considering what he had to work with ) .
eddie kaye thomas was also good but he always plays the same type of character ... too much paul finch from " american pie " coming through for my liking .
and finally , the worst part of this movie has to be january jones ' emotionless performance ...
i guess a pretty face really is all that matters in hollywood .
wait , do n't tell me ...
they threw out the movie and kept the out takes .
you know , this movie could have been shot in a back alley in new york .
the " gangster bangster " i guess .
gangster rap , designer gangster duster clothes including the kerchief which somehow got moved from the neck for protection from the dust storms to the head .
i guess it was to protect the head from the heat filtering through the k - mart hats .
" budget rent - a - horsie " , it seems , supplied the horsies .
the one bedroom scene where the girl was talking and the guy was mouthing her words ....
i though it was him talking .
you know , watching this movie just confirms that , it is n't about the acting anymore ...
its about looks
and it 's about the money .
could n't have been too much of that where this movie is concerned .
well , all in all , i think that this movie will go down as the all time worst movie ever made .
just one more thing though , where was ice t ?
did he finally get to go on oprah ?
the film began with wheeler sneaking into the apartment of his girlfriend .
her aunt ( edna may oliver -- a person too talented for this film ) did n't like wheeler -- a sentiment i can easily relate to .
the aunt decided to take this bland young lady abroad to get her away from wheeler .
they left and wheeler invested in a revolution in a small mythical kingdom because they promised to make him their king .
at about the same time , woolsey was in the same small mythical kingdom and he was made king .
so when wheeler arrived , it was up to the boys to fight it out , but they refused because they are already friends -- which greatly disappointed the people , as killing and replacing kings is a national pastime .
i am a huge fan of comedy from the golden age of hollywood -- the silent era through the 1940s .
i have seen and reviewed hundreds , if not thousands of these films and yet despite my love and appreciation for these films i have never been able to understand the appeal of wheeler and woolsey -- the only comedy team that might be as bad as the ritz brothers !
despite being very successful in their short careers in hollywood ( cut short due to the early death of robert woolsey ) , i ca n't help but notice that practically every other successful team did the same basic ideas but much better .
for example , there were many elements of this film reminiscent of the marx brother 's film , duck soup , yet cracked nuts never made me laugh and duck soup was a silly and highly enjoyable romp .
at times , woolsey talked a bit like groucho , but his jokes never have punchlines that even remotely are funny !
in fact , he just seemed to prattle pointlessly .
his only funny quality was that he looked goofy -- surely not enough reason to put him on film .
additionally , wheeler had the comedic appeal of a piece of cheese -- a piece of cheese that sang very poorly !
a missed opportunity was the old vaudeville routine later popularized by abbott and costello as " who 's on first " which was done in this film
but it lacked any spark of wit or timing .
in fact , soon after they started their spiel , they just ended the routine -- so prematurely that you are left frustrated .
i knew that " who 's on first " had been around for many years and used by many teams , but i really wanted to see wheeler and woolsey give it a fair shot and give it their own twist .
once again , i have found yet another sub - par film by this duo .
while i must admit that i liked a few of their films mildly ( such as silly billies and the rainmakers -- which i actually gave 6 's to on imdb ) , this one was a major endurance test to complete -- something that i find happens all too often when i view the films of wheeler and woolsey .
where was all the humor ? !
as others have noted , this movie is criminally inaccurate in its portrayal of the artist 's life and i for one was very annoyed and offended ... by its transformation of her rape into a tragic love affair , by the implication that her rapist was responsible for ' awakening her talent , ' by its complete disregard for her work ,
by the way it turned her into a sex object , on and on , you get the idea .
also , i find it disturbing that people who are n't familiar with gentileschi will see this film and walk away with that kind of impression of her .
i ca n't think of much to say about this film .
this was an awful movie ...
i ca n't even tell you what made me decide to view it .
it had so few redeeming qualities that i do n't even know where to begin .
the plot moved from implausible to downright absurd .
my entire body was tense throughout the duration of the movie because i could not wait for the awful thing to be over and done .
by the end of the movie , i found myself feeling beyond relieved .
the editing was poor , the acting was sub - par , and the storyline was weak .
francoise robinson was cast as a native american , even though she does not even closely resemble someone of native american heritage .
if a movie is going to be this idiotic , it should be laughably stupid -- at the very least .
it was n't .
it was just pathetic .
although a film with bruce willis is always worth watching , you better skip this one .
i watched this one on television , so i did n't have to plunk down cash for it .
lucky me .
the plot develops slowly , very slowly .
although the first 30 minutes or so are quite believable , it gets more and more unbelievable towards the end .
it is highly questionable , if a seasoned soldier like lt . waters would disobey direct orders .
and even if he would , if the rest of his platoon would .
they know he puts them in direct danger , and they know they will certainly die if they follow him , but
what the heck , he is
our lt .
so let 's do what he says ( despite the direct orders , remember).still , there are some nice scenes in this movie .
they somewhat save a village , where the total population is being massacred by the rebels .
well , they save a dozen villagers or so , the rest was already killed .
the strange part of it , that they did take the trucks which the rebels left behind .
they rather go on foot .
maybe because the roads are unsafe , but there was no explanation for it .
anyway .
i think this was what earned the movie the one point i gave it .
what made this movie an insult to the brain and hence completely unbelievable is that a group of 7 soldiers can kill of so many rebels without being hurt or killed themselves .
only near the end they loose a few comrades .
and that is only because they have to fight of an army of nearly 500 or more .
can you believe that?they fight of an army of so many , kill hundreds of them , and only loose a few of themselves .
and they have rounds and round of ammo .
never run out of it .
grenades and claymore mines , an m60 machine gun and even an rpg .
where do they get this stuff .
carrying it around or what ?
they even got a laptop which shows them the activity of enemy rebels .
and this laptop has a battery which goes on for days .
really ?
who think up this crap .
i guess if you turn off your brain completely and accept that the rebels are a bunch of idiots , you give this movie a high rating .
if not , skip this one .
it saves you time .
to sat how awful the shield is , you 'd have to write pages and pages , so suffice it to say that it is a monument to bad directing .
directors go awry
" should have been the title of this production .
indeed , directors are supposed to infuse their work with a sense of visual style and story - telling that propels the story forward .
how is constantly shaking the camera and playing with the zoom lens a " style " ?
how is it propelling the story forward ?
of course there 's also the " editing by random numbers " nonsense .
apparently it 's become hip to just cut randomly .
i guess it 's too much work to do good editing .
well , that made it too much work for most people to watch the shield which languished as one of the most over - hyped and unwatched shows of all time .
when you see boris karloff and bela lugosi as co - stars , you expect to find a well done horror movie , but this was actually quite different , representing as it did what i would describe as an early effort at science fiction .
karloff and lugosi both play scientists ( rukh and benet respectively )
- competitors to an extent , until rukh wins benet over with a demonstration that proves his great theory .
the science here was - to say the least - a bit rough around the edges ( thus science fiction , with the emphasis on the fiction ) but somehow rukh harnesses some sort of ray from andromeda that allows him to look at the earth " several thousand million years ago . "
in that pre historic time , a huge meteorite slammed into africa , leaving deposits of a substance the scientists call " radium x " - which can heal and destroy .
a large portion of the movie is set rather tediously in africa , on a search for the meteorite deposits , which rukh eventually finds and harnesses to create a great weapon , unfortunately infecting himself with some sort of disease that makes him a great weapon as well .
karloff and lugosi were both pretty good here .
lugosi pulls off a role in which he 's the good guy pretty well , although i frankly found him a bit unconvincing - especially during the scenes set in africa .
the story also plodded along a bit , and while it held my attention it did n't captivate me .
given that this is really a sci - fi rather than a horror flick , and that sci - fi was in its very early stages , i suppose the movie needs to be cut a bit of slack .
it was ok - nothing more , but also nothing less than that .
this movie got extremely silly when things started to happen .
i could n't care less about any of the characters ; susan walters was so annoying , and the leading actor ( forget his name ) also got on my nerves .
ca n't quite remember how it ended and so forth
but the whole idea of aliens possessing human bodies and all just seemed stupid in this film , things did n't quite carry off .
my dad told me it 's s stupid movie ...
i should 've listened to him .
as i write this review in 2008 , we are mired in a remake culture .
movie studios seem determined to ruin as many classic films as they can with thoroughly pointless updates including ' king kong , ' the wicker man ' and practically every film that ever starred michael caine .
this lazy remake mentality is not a new phenomenon , however , as ' dough for the do - do ' proves .
an entirely pointless colorized version of bob clampett 's surreal masterpiece ' porky in wackyland ' , ' dough for the do - do ' sucks the life out of the original by splashing colour all over clampett 's original footage and adding some lame new footage overseen by friz freleng .
freleng was an entirely unsuitable director to be tampering with clampett 's source material , although in truth no director could hope to come close to clampett 's inspired insanity .
inevitably , then , ' dough for the do - do ' is nothing more than the raping of a classic with an appalling new title attached .
for cartoon fans like myself , its equivalent to a colorization of ' casablanca ' .
if this is someone 's " favorite " movie , they need some serious help .
there is nothing funny or clever about this crapfest .
i have n't seen the original movie this is the remake of ( some 1950s film ) , but it simply has to be better than this newer bastardization .
a major gets kicked out of the military for being a fringe element , and winds up teaching children at an rotc school .
unfortunately , the major is daman wayans ... so the children are in for a world of annoying , humorless asininity .
can wayans whip these losers into shape ?
can they get him to become a little more human ?
the film bombs as most wayans films do , with only a few sparkling moments .
william hickey gets about one minute of screen time , fair too little .
this charming old man ( known best to me as a " tales from the crypt " actor , known best to you as uncle louis from " christmas vacation " ) shines every moment he 's on screen , which is n't much here .
bam bam bigelow also makes an appearance as a biker , which fits him perfectly .
i would n't mind slightly more bam bam , but i think he carried the role of " biker " about as far as it could be carried for a military film .
and then there 's the attractive teacher , who someone falls for major payne even though he treats the kids poorly , has no social skills and is simply impossible to convert into someone you would want to spend time with .
she must either be incredibly stupid or incredibly desperate .
i 'm not sure which ( though it would seem " stupid " since the movie makes it clear she gets out of the house often enough).wayans had one shining moment : a dance sequence where he performs a series of moves ( including a very nice " robot " ) , and with the help of music from 2 live crew .
this scene was enjoyable but hardly made up for anything else that made this film dog spittle .
seriously , avoid this film .
if you want to see a film a bout a loser who helps loser kids become heroes , rent or buy " ernest goes to camp " .
at least he 's a lovable loser , and actually funny .
maybe if major payne had fought a badger i 'd feel better , but he did n't .
forget payne , forget wayans ... you can do so much better .
" voodoo academy " features an " academy " like no other , one that houses only six male students in one bedroom .
these teenage guys are instructed in religion by a sinister young priest , who enjoys tormenting and comforting them simultaneously .
the sole administrator of this " academy " is a young and seductive headmistress , and she retains her handsome charges on a short leash , so to speak .
sexual overtones abound , and the director obviously has high regard for young male bodies .
these young actors occasionally strip down to their designer underwear to sneak about the " academy , " and their sexuality is the entire focus of the movie .
if you 're not interested in the male form -- stay away!burdened by weak and awkward dialogue , this low - budget exploitation piece just stumbles along with a few laughable special effects tossed in between the yawns .
the mood is claustrophobic , with tediously long takes , a handful of cheap sets and few costume changes .
these visual elements come interspersed with seemingly unending sequences of banal dialogue , intended as character and plot development .
it gives one the feeling it was filmed in three days ...
this movie should not be watched as it was meant to be a flop .
ram gopal verma first wanted to make this a remake of classic bollywood movie " sholay " , but after having problems with the original makers decided to go ahead with the project and ... i guess leave all the good parts of the movie ( acting , script , songs , music , comedy , action etc ) out and shoot the movie just because he already happen to hire the crew .
waste of money , waste of time .
after making movies like rangeela , satya , and company he pulled a coppola ( godfather ) on us ; what were you thinking rgv ?
anyways , the story is , though hard to follow , is almost like the old sholay .
ajay devgan playing heero ( beeru , sholay ) and ajay , new kid on the block playing ajay ( jay , sholay ) .
both " bad yet funny " friends help a cop capture a bad guy first .
later in the movie , now retired cop hires them as personal security and safeguarding from the hands of a very most wanted bubban played by amitabh bachan .
in case you have n't been watching bollywood movies , the good guys win in the end .
there i just saved you 3 precious hours of your life !
i was very disappointed by this movie .
i thought that " scary movie " although not a great movie was very good and funny . "
scary movie 2 " on the other hand was boring , not funny , and at times plain stupid .
the exorcist / amityville spoof was probably the best part of the movie .
james woods was great .
now , i 'll admit that i am at a disadvantage since i have not seen a few of the movies that this parodies unlike the first , where i had basically seen them all .
but bad comedy is still bad comedy .
something that really hurt this movie was the timing , which ruined some of what might have been good jokes .
scenes and jokes drag out way to long .
also , the same jokes keep getting repeated again and again .
for example , the talking bird .
ok it was funny the first and maybe even the second time .
but it kept getting repeated to the point of annoying .
the routine between the wheelchair guy and hanson ( chris elliott ) was amusing at first but it kept getting repeated and ended up stupid and even tasteless .
some jokes even got repeated from the first movie .
for example , the ' creaming '
i guess you would call it of cindy
( anna faris ) was funny in " scary movie " because cindy had been holding out on giving her boyfriend sex for so long , that essentially he had blue balls from hell
and it was funny when he ' creamed ' her .
but this time around it was out of place and not funny .
the bathroom and sexual humor in general was more amusing and well timed the first time around .
the scat humor was excessive though and rather unneccessary in the second film .
tori spelling was annoying and really had no place in this movie .
but i did enjoy shorty ( marlon wayans ) who in my opinion was the funniest character in the first film .
the scene with him and the pot plant was one of my favorites from the second film .
don't get me wrong , i love the wayans family and their humor .
that is why this film is so disappointing . . .
they have a lot more comic ability than endless scat jokes .
as low budget indies go , you will usually find that you get what you pay for , and let me just say , i did n't pay much for " frightworld" ...
writer / director :
david r. williams brings us the story of an abandoned amusement park , besieged by the vengeful spirit of a slain serial killer .
not a bad premise , but executed with a bevy of low budget mistakes .
the camera work tries to be too cleaver for it 's audience , by constantly using shaky quick - cuts to cover the fact that they really have nothing gory or scary to show us .
this becomes evident right off the bat , as we are introduced to the would - be killer , and soon realize that the ( acting ) is the scariest thing happening ...
after a painfully long title sequence we are brought back to modern times , yet the acting remains the same .
frightworld " does generate some rather unique cinematography when showing scenery from inside the fun - house , but with an extremely long running time , it ca n't save the film from it 's below average indie hell .
there is some mediocre nudity , but not much for gore , which is usually the saving grace for these types of movies .
fans of really bad b - movies might find something of interest here , otherwise , do n't spend a lot of cash .
i went to a prescreening of this film and was shocked how cheesy it was .
it was a combination of every horror / thriller cliché , trying to comment on many things including pedophilia , satan worship , undercover cops , affairs , religion ... and it was a mess .
the acting was pretty washboard ; the kid and the jesus dude were alright , but apart from them ....
anyways .
i admire the effort ( though slightly failed ) on the attempt at showing the christian people in a different way ...
even though they did that , the way it presented the gospel was a bit stock and kiddish .
but then again , it may have to be since he was talking to a little kid ...
actually , i 've decided it 's just all around bad .
music ...
oh my gosh
... horrible ...
toooo over - dramatic .
okay .
i felt bad for the people who made this movie at the premier ; it seemed like a poor student project .
i 'm going to stop ranting about this now and say bottom line , go see this movie if you want to waste an hour and fifty minutes of your life on crap .
there you go .
i did n't like this bill murray vehicle when it was originally released in the 80s , so i tried watching it again to see if my distaste for this film was down to my movie - going tastes in the 80s or was it that " stripes " is simply a bad movie .
well , the verdict is in and " stripes " is a bad movie .
now , " stripes " may have been innovative comedy in the early 80s , and it may appeal to people who have gone through basic training or who are bill murray fans , but its still a bad movie .
why is it bad ?
mostly because " stripes " is supposed to be a comedy
but it 's just not that funny .
there are some laughs , but they are few and far between .
most of the movie is consumed by the dramatic plot which is incredibly convoluted and not very interesting .
this lack of comedy is especially noticeable if you 're used to more contemporary comedies such as " anchorman " which strive for laughs in every part of the movie . "stripes
further suffers from bill murray and harold ramis 's lack of acting ability .
bill murray is a great comedian but he was not a very compelling dramatic actor at this point in his career , and harold ramis is playing harold ramis .
these two are just not good enough as actors to carry the dramatic arch of the movie .
lastly , most of the comedy that there is in " stripes " revolves around bill murray 's self - centered , smart - alec man - child character so if you do n't find that character funny
( like i did n't ) you 're not going to find most of what little comedy there is in " stripes " funny either . "stripes
" is very much a movie of its era , it has n't aged well and is not worth watching .
if you want to watch an early 80 's " buddy " comedy i would recommend " stir crazy . "
like " stripes " the humor in " stir crazy " is not as fast - paced as in contemporary comedies , but unlike " stripes " it has aged much better and as a result is still watchable .
this movie was disappointing .
it was incomplete and dull .
while alec baldwin tried to portray himself as the perfect fair and just prosecutor ( not to mention executive producer ) , the movie never showed any of the defense counsels or tried to challenge the audience with an actual meaningful debate on the subject of how a country could be led down such a terrible path .
sure , nobody wants to defend the nazi 's point of view , but that was the point of the nuremberg trails !
four hours of simply bashing on the nazi 's ....
c'm on !
that s been done already!i
really think alec baldwin should just stick to being kim bassinger 's husband .
right after the movie ended , tnt showed the 1959 movie , trail at nuremberg .
that movie is far superior .
totally ridiculous .
if you know anything about poker , you will find it absolutely appalling but also entertaining because it is so clueless .
the nerd who made this movie is obviously very religious and knows slightly about the game of poker , but i doubt he 's ever played above 3 - 6 .
( i think he also knows nothing of golf . )
where to start .
i 've seen better productions in the intro to film class
i took freshmen year of film school .
the actors to watch in this movie are queen momma , scotty nguyen , and the loser who can never win at poker .
everyone else is as wooden as they come , like bad porn actors.*spoiler
the man the movie starts with in the opening sequence is the only reason the film got made .
he is a railbird who does n't play poker and never has a line of dialogue , but the actor is the man who obviously paid for the movie .
i ca n't think of a more useless waste of money than this man shelling out for this pointless production .
it 's fitting that he had such a useless role .
there 's very little poker in this movie .
most of the time is spent on useless side characters whose plots are n't resolved in the slightest .
queen momma does have a show - stealing scene where she throws her loser boyfriend through a window and tries to shoot his brains out .
also the nameless arabs in the convenience store also give brilliant performances when they debate whether to beat up or kill an older lady who robs them .
their subtle performances are easily among the film 's highlights .
it makes you wonder why they bothered getting all these white people to play the leads .
in conclusion , complete nonsense .
plan 9 from outer space has slightly more coherency .
if you play poker though you might want to have a laugh .
also if you 're christian you might enjoy some of the heavy - handed religious conversation that pepper the movie like pointless pepper .
i hate movies made by religious people .
especially ones who think they know something about things they know nothing about .
it 's sad that jennifer harman and scotty nguyen got involved in this travesty as i ca n't help but think less of them .
they must be envious of johnny chan for getting in rounders .
scarecrow is set in the small american town of emerald grove where high school student lester dwervick ( tim young ) is considered the local nerdy geek by teachers & fellow students alike .
the poor kid suffers daily humiliation , bullying , teasing & general esteem destroying abuse at the hands of his peers .
unfortunately he does n't find much support at home since his mom is a slut & after lester annoys one of her blokes he chases him into a corn field & strangles the poor kid .
however something magical happens ( no , the film does n't suddenly become good ) , lester 's spirit gets transfered into the corn fields scarecrow which he then uses as a body to gain revenge on those who tormented him & made his life hell ...
co - written , co - produced & directed by emmanuel itier who according to the imdb credit list also has a role in the film as someone called mr. duforq although i do n't remember any character of this name , i suppose anyone who ends up looking at the imdb pages for scarecrow will probably already be aware of it 's terrible reputation &
i have to say it pretty much well deserved since it 's terrible .
the script by itier , bill cunningham & jason white uses the often told story of one of life 's losers who gets picked upon & tormented for no good reason getting their revenge by supernatural means in a relatively straight forward teen slasher flick .
we 've seen it all before , we 've seen killer scarecrows before , we 've seen faceless teens being killed off one - by - one before , we 've seen one of life 's losers get his revenge before , we 've seen wise cracking villains who make jokes as they kill before & we 've seen incompetent small town sheriff 's make matters even worse before .
the only real question to answer about scarecrow is whether it 's any fun to watch on a dumb teen slasher type level ?
the answer is a resounding no to be honest .
the film has terrible character 's , awful dialogue , an inconsistent & predictable story , it has some cheesy one - liners like when the scarecrow kills someone with a shovel he ask 's ' can you dig it ? '
& the so - called twist ending which is geared towards leaving things open for a sequel is just lame .
the film moves along at a reasonable pace but it is n't that exciting & the kills are forgettable .
you know i 'm still trying to work out how someone can be stabbed & killed with a stick of corn ...
director itier does n't do a particularly good job here , the kill scenes are poorly handled with no build up whatsoever which means there 's never any tension as within two seconds of a character being introduced they are killed off .
also i 'm not happy with the killer scarecrow dude doing all these back - flips & somersaults through the air in scenes which feel like they belong in the matrix ( 1999 ) or some japanese kung - fu flick !
to give it some credit
the actual scarecrow mask looks really good & he looks pretty cool
but he is given little to do except spout bad one - liners & twirl around a bit .
do n't you think that being tied to a wooden stake in the middle of a corn filed all day would have been boring ?
i know he 's a killer scarecrow
but i still say he would have been bored just hanging around on a wooden stick all day !
there 's no nudity & the gore is n't anything to write home about
, there 's a decapitation , someones face is burnt , someone is killed with a stick of corn , someone gets a shovel stuck in their throat , some sickles are stuck in people 's heads , someone has their heart ripped out & someone has a metal thing stuck through the back of their head which comes out of their mouth .
with a supposed budget of about $ 250,000 this was apparently shot in 8 days , well at least they did n't waste any time on unimportant things like story & character development .
technically this is pretty much point , shoot & hope for the best stuff .
if you look at the guy on the floor who has just had his heart ripped out you can clearly see him still breathing ...
the acting sucks , the guy who played lester 's mum 's bloke is wearing the most stupid looking wig & fake moustache ever because he played two roles in the film & the makers needed to disguise him
but they just ended up making him look ridiculous & do n't get me started on his accent ...
scarecrow has a few fun moments & the actual scarecrow himself is a nice creation with good special make - up effects but
as a whole the film is poorly made , badly acted , silly , too predictable & very cheesy .
if you want to see a great killer scarecrow flick then check out scarecrows ( 1988 ) .
not to be confused with the gene hackman & al pacino film scarecrow ( 1973 ) or the upcoming horror flick scarecrow ( 2008 ) which is currently in production .
scarecrow proved popular enough on home video to spawn two more straight to video sequels , scarecrow slayer ( 2003 ) & scarecrow gone wild ( 2004 ) .
it was a sunday night and i was waiting for the advertised movie on tv .
they said it was a comedy !
the movie started , 10 minutes passed , after that 30 minutes
and i did n't laugh not even once .
the fact is that the movie ended and i did n't get even on echance to laugh .
please , someone tickle me , i lost 90 minutes for nothing .
the video quality is awful .
the sound quality is pathetic .
the acting is horrific .
the dialog is painful .
the lighting is dismal .
the editing is laughable .
i could go on , but it would be pointless .
snitch'd is a third rate amateur video being passed off as a feature film .
this one is best left to collect dust in the video store bargain bin .
i have always wanted to see this because i love cheesy horror movies and with a title like this , i was sure " the incredible melting man " would be a lot of fun .
it really was n't .
i mean , the acting was entertainingly bad , the script contained some classic bad lines and the special effects looked like someone had sneezed all over the lead actor , so i should have loved it .
unfortunately it 's really draggy between these highlights .
i decided to watch the last half of the movie while doing my tax return .
that 's how boring this film is .
nevertheless , if you love bad movies you will enjoy the dramatic exit of the fat nurse , and the stellar acting of the guy who plays dr. ted .
to be fair to the poor man , he does have to deliver some amazingly inept lines with straight face - like the conversation he has with his wife on tracking down the i m man:"i'll find him with a geiger counter . "
" is he radioactive ? "
" just a little bit .
yes , the plot has dr. ted wandering about trying to find a superstrong zombie killing machine armed only with what looks like a mini - dyson .
he 's a brave man .
unfortunately his plan fails when he finds a big lot of goop on a tree . "
oh god - it 's his ear ! " says dr. ted to the audience .
i 'm so glad he cleared that up .
i realise i 'm making this movie sound rather fun .
it would be if it were only 10 minutes long , but unfortunately it goes on and on , and the incredible melting dude just dangles about making a sticky mess when he should be eating more people in my opinion .
i think if you were truly stoned you would probably love it , just do n't have pop - tarts during the movie , because the lead actor really does resemble one near the end .
i bought the dvd version of this movie on the recommendation of my wife who loved the version she saw aired in television .
but the version put to dvd was a disaster .
the lighting was poor to non - existent and entire scenes were simply excised .
in one instance adele is being put to bed , and we immediately cut to another scene - coming in in mid - sentence
- where it 's the next night .
characters such as grace poole and mason are never even introduced , leaving one to wonder if they 'd dozed off for a few minutes during the movie .
the dvd we saw was produced by platinum disc corp and even at $ 6.32 it was a gyp .
be careful which version of this movie you buy !
we 're sending this one back .
being a big fan of the " other " planet of the apes films , i rented this dvd despite my aversion to all things tim burton .
once again , he does n't fail to disappoint with his uninspired direction .
even the ape makeup looks second rate , which is unforgivable considering the monstrous budget of this monstrosity .
mark wahlberg proves once and for all that he is not an actor ( as if boogie nights was n't proof enough ) .
i was embarrassed for genuine talents such as tim roth and helena bonham carter .
no doubt their paychecks motivated them since it could n't possibly have been the cliche - ridden screenplay .
i rented this dvd on a special $ 1 night
and i still feel ripped off .
this movie makes me think the others i 've seen with combs were an accident .
the plot had more holes than i think i 've ever seen in a movie purporting to be something more than a " b " movie .
the acting was so laughable that not even the memories of combs ' past campy triumphs were enough to save it .
considering the script i have to imagine that there was not enough money in the budget for things like continuity and original ideas .
i am thoroughly upset that i paid blockbuster prices for this trash .
the fact that it was made for television was something that would have helped me avoid this atrocity and frankly something that movies this poor should be required to warn you of .
avoid this movie no matter what .
what a poor image of professional police officers is displayed on the television in the watching of this alleged reality show .
one can only hope that the actual reasonable suspicion that leads to probable cause that leads to the totality of the circumstances involved to make a " stop " , then the " pat down " of the outside of one 's garment , then to be able to articulate why the officer went into someone 's pocket and retrieved contraband , was cut out of the scenes , because if it was n't , the arrest in most places are going to be tossed , should they even get passed a supervisor .
a report of a warrant over the radio does not constitute the actual existence of the warrant unless the person dispatching has the original warrant in hand .
if the dispatcher is reading from a computer printout , it is good enough for an arrest , but it does not necessarily mean the warrant is still in effect .
since i have n't seen a dis - claimer from cbs
( i may have missed it ) , cbs could be in trouble .
i have seen some bad movies ( austin powers - the spy who shagged me , batman forever ) , but this film is so awful , so boring , that i got about half way through and could not bear watching the rest .
a pity .
boasting talent such as kenneth branagh , embeth davitz and robert duvall and a story by john grisham , what went wrong ?
branagh is a big - time lawyer who has a one - night fling with davitz .
her father ( duvall ) is a psychopath who hanged her cat , etc , etc , so
branagh has him sent to a nuthouse , and he promptly escapes .
somehow ( i could n't figure out how )
robert downey jr , daryl hannah , famke janssen and tom berenger are all mixed into the story which moves slower than stationary .
i wanted to like this , and , being a huge grisham fan , have read all about this movie
and i ( foolishly ) expected something interesting .
this is honestly the worst film i 've seen to date
and i wish i could have my money refunded .
* out of
* * * * * .
in spite of its impressive cast and crew pedigree gingerbread man crumbles early and often .
the plot is unrealistically convoluted , the actors sport bad accents and director robert altman 's participation amounts to collecting a pay check .
once again he has assembled an impressive cast ( like woody allen , everyone wants to work with altman)that this time around to the letter is miscast .
but that 's only part of the problem .
kenneth branagh is rick magruder a high powered georgia lawyer who in the film 's heavy handed opening scenes manages to get himself preposterously seduced by a mysterious catering company waitress who convinces him
she is in grave danger from an ex - husband and a loony dad .
with red flags everywhere the astute lawyer plods on even managing to get his children in harms way .
fights of gun and fist follow along with a requisite car chase and
if that 's not enough there 's a hurricane thrown in for the ridiculous finale .
branagh plays macgruder with a mealy and unconvincing southern accent .
running around in a trench coat in all kinds of weather he 's blind to the obvious in order to keep the story going .
hipster bob downey jr. is every bit as bad as a p.i. but with a little more emphasis on the bad accent .
robert duvall
as the old man is
boo radely all growed up en crazier than a bed bug serving some thick slices of ham
but at least his twang is plausible .
the female leads ( embeth davidtz , darryl hannah , famkhee jansen)are lean leggy and unemotive .
even the celebrity lawyers doing cameos ( vernon jordan ) are wooden with the few throw away lines they have .
in addition to paying little attention to his actors , altman 's mise en scene dripping with spanish moss is murky and shapeless , his action scenes comic book .
it lacks his offbeat touches and observations ( he does inform the viewer that the stars and bars still wave in georgia)that make a well done altman so unique .
unfortunately , gingerbread man is altman at his worst , even if the pay is the same .
canadians are too polite to boo but the audience at the toronto film festival left the theater muttering that they would rate this film 0 or 1 on their voting sheets .
the premise is that a modern filmmaker is interpreting a 17th century fable about the loves of shepherds and shepherdesses set in the distant past when druids were the spiritual leaders .
working in three epochs presents many opportunities to introduce anachronisms including silly and impractical clothing and peculiar spiritual rites that involve really bad poetry .
lovers are divided by jealousy and their rigid adherence to idiotic codes of conduct from which cross - dressing and assorted farcical situations arise .
the film could have been hilarious as a monty python piece , which it too closely resembles , but rohmer 's effort falls very flat .
the audience laughed at the sight jokes but otherwise bemoaned the slow pace .
the ending comes all in a rush and is truly awful .
this is a trivial film and a waste of your movie going time .
the effect achieved in this story about a psychiatrist who becomes involved with con artists is so mannered that i have to assume that that was the desired intent .
the sets are artificial and at no time did i not feel that i was watching a movie .
it seemed like the actors were just reading their lines , rather than responding to one another .
while the film has elements of early film noir ( except that it is in color )
the approach is so exaggerated that i almost have to conclude that it is a parody of the genre .
given that the presentation had no appeal to me , i was at least expecting an engaging story .
usually i am pretty slow on the uptake when it comes to stories with plot twists , but you could see what was coming here within the first fifteen minutes .
by the time of the , " gee , i forgot the $ 80,000 , " moment , i thought to myself that this thing is truly ridiculous .
for a psychiatrist with stated experience in gambling addictions to behave so stupidly is beyond belief .
if at any stage she had behaved like a normal intelligent person , the whole story would have fallen apart .
this wooden production left me cold .
if todd sheets were to come out and admit that this movie was intended to spoof the zombie genre , i would change my rating to an eight .
try to imagine a movie where every scene , line , and even every acting nuance was designed to be a parody .
i could probably crap out alphabet soup , rearrange what was left of the letters , and still have a better script .
two scenes in particular come to mind when i think of this movie .
spoiler alert !
one is when mike 's dad and the other dad walk , i repeat walk down a staircase jam packed with zombies .
this is a small staircase and even though they brush up against the flailing undead , nothing happens to them .
when they reach the end , the ex - marine turns around , says " god you 're a horny bastard " , and shoots only one .
the other is in the military complex .
the girl stabs a zombie with a machete and is immediately surrounded .
the camera moves around her for roughly forty seconds , while she is surrounded by zombies at an arm 's length away .
she then almost casually runs out from the crowd and joins the other humans .
spoiler alert over !
these scenes must be seen to be believed .
still , i enjoy this movie as much as almost any comedy just because it 's so damn funny .
kudos to todd sheets for getting so many people in his movie and having the drive to make it but not really for anything else .
i imagine that the young people involved in the making of " necromancy " ( aka " the witching " plus a bunch of other titles ) must have felt a little weird being on the set of a horror movie with the man who : participated with john houseman in the production of a proletarian play ( " the cradle will rock " ) ; scared people into thinking that aliens were invading ( " the war of the worlds " ) ; and directed and starred in the greatest movie of all time ( " citizen kane " ) .
and now orson welles was starring in a third - rate flick about a satanic cult .
there 's basically nothing creative about this movie .
lots of nudity , but the background music always proves really distracting .
even if the movie was n't particularly predictable , it still was n't worth seeing .
how low welles had sunk .
fortunately , over the final thirteen years of his life , he narrated the documentary " bugs bunny superstar " ( about the warner bros. cartoons of the 1940s ) and hosted the documentary " the man who saw tomorrow " ( about nostradamus ) .
i recommend those two , but not this one .
just avoid it .
also starring pamela franklin and michael ontkean .
film starts in 1840 japan in which a man slashes his wife and her lover to death and the commits suicide .
it 's a very gory , bloody sequence .
then it jumps to present day ...
well 1982 to be precise .
ted ( edward albert ) , wife laura ( susan george ) and their annoying little kid move to japan for hubby 's work .
they rent a house and -- surprise !
surprise
-- it just happens to be the house where the murders took place !
the three dead people are around as ghosts ( the makeup is hysterically bad ) and make life hell for the family .
sounds ok -- but it 's really hopeless .
there 's a bloody opening and ending and nothing happens in between .
there is an attack by giant crabs which is just uproarious !
they look so fake
-- i swear i saw the strings pulling one along -- and they 're muttering ! ! ! ! !
there 's a pointless sex sequence in the first 20 minutes ( probably just to show off george 's body ) , another one about 40 minutes later
( but that was necessary to the plot ) and a really silly exorcism towards the end .
the fight scene between albert and doug mcclure must be seen to be believed .
as for acting -- albert was ok as the husband and mcclure was pretty good as a family friend .
but george -- as always -- is terrific in a lousy film .
she gives this film a much needed lift -- but ca n't save it .
i 'm giving this a 2 just for her and the gory opening and closing .
that aside , this is a very boring film .
first off , the lead , brad dourif is a kook .
if you 're trying to take this movie seriously , then , i guarantee he 's going to ruin it for you .
if you do n't take him too seriously , then he 's actually kind of fun to watch .
as with another reviewer , i loved the scene where lisa ( cynthia bain ) and dourif are declaring their love for each other - in between dodging the jets of flame shooting out of his arm in the car .
another great campy scene was watching john landis as a snotty radio show producer getting toasted and flailing around the room .
in fact , i found the last 15 minutes of the movie to be a non - stop laugh - riot - i 'm just not sure if tobe hooper meant it to be that way .
i think cliff robertson certainly was one of our finest actors .
he has a half dozen classics to his credit .
he does fine here as the heavy , but the direction is so bad and the pacing so tiresome , it never gets off the mark .
the story starts off well although it makes me wonder how he could count on his wife hanging herself .
still he mugs well and carries things along .
the death knell is twofold .
first of all , if we were to take the amount of time characters spend walking from one room to another or one part of the house to another , it would eat up about a third of the movie .
add to that , robertson 's character sitting up in bed in the blue light , looking confused , that might add another chunk .
i agree with those that said a half hour shorter would have made it a pretty decent , though insignificant film .
the biggest weakness is just a convoluted plot that , when all is said and done , leaves incredible questions .
i 'm not putting in spoilers , but when it ends , do n't think too much .
i can come up with ten what - ifs without raising a sweat .
it would have been better if it had remained a ghost story .
this is one of the worst films i 've seen .
the only positive thing i can say is it was so bad that is seemed comical .
first off , there 's no plot .
the actors appear to be reading off cue cards and do the dumbest things .
such as being chased by dead people but yet wanting to go out and look for their friends .
also the zombies were terrible , no where near as fun as any of romero 's work , who gets s plug in the movie .
and the dumbest part of all was they kept showing flashes of the video game in the action sequences .
like we do n't get the video game is about shooting zombies .
also , all the 20 somethings some how know how to use automatic weapons and hit a target without even aiming the gun .
and the way the people die is so stupid .
it 's like they run out of ammo
so stand around waiting to be jumped on .
and when cornered in front of the house they run out of ammo instead of shooting the door open , so dumb .
final verdict :
if any of these actors appear in another film , then they 've been blessed with a second chance .
definitely the worst film i 've seen in years .
a b - movie on cinemax is better .
when childhood memory tells you this was a scary movie ; it 's touch and go whether you should revisit it .
anyway , i remembered a scary scene involving a homeless person and a cool villain played by jeff kober .
first power " is not a very good movie , sad to say .
it 's chock full of those cop clichés and a very poor script with holes a truck could drive through ( along with countless convenient " twists " that help the story run along ) .
lou diamond phillips is the over - confident bad ass cop who sends baddie serial killer kober to the gas chamber only to find out he was a minion of satan himself and now has the power of resurrection along with the power of possessing every weak minded person who he comes across .
through in the mix a very poorly realized psychic who helps with the case .
ahhh , this is trash .
but enjoyable as such , especially if you have fond memories of it .
it scared me as a kid and that scene with the homeless person is still pretty good .
as for any kind of logic here ; forget it , just about every scenario is thrown in for good measure and you end up with a cross between a steven segal action flick and a 70 's demonic flick .
and who on earth thought it was a good idea to cast lou diamond phillips in the lead here ?
needless to say he 's not convincing at all
but he tries his best
and i 've never had the problem with the guy
so many reviewers here seem to have .
as for tracy griffith as the psychic , the less said the better .
but kober is pretty good as the killer ; always liked that actor .
first power " may be just what the doctor ordered after a hard day 's work and a " brain switch - off " is needed .
beer will most likely enhance the viewing experience and i 'll definitely have loads of it the next time i give this movie a spin .
all in all ; not a good flick but a somewhat guilty pleasure for nostalgic fans who were easily scared as kids . " see you around , buddy boy " !
i did n't expect much when i saw this at the palm springs film fest this weekend .
it was an alternate choice when two other films were sold out .
still , i held out hope .
it sounded a bit much like " bride and prejudice " ( l.a. guy falls for an indian beauty , parental conflict , blah blah blah ) .
b&p was not perfect but it was an enjoyable film with some good laughs and likable characters .
bollywood bride " had none of that .
the acting seemed stilted and way to by - the - numbers .
characters were so cliché the story seemed like it could have been written by high school freshman drama student .
technically , the sound really bothered me .
it seemed as if there was a lot of over - dubbing of dialogue .
i mean a lot .
i know sometimes it 's necessary
but it sounded like half the film was shot in a closet and
it became very distracting .
two stars is being somewhat generous .
80 minutes , and it felt twice that long !
brief crossing is not brief enough .
indeed , the first 50 minutes or so consist almost entirely of a dialogue ( more of a monologue , really ) of a woman approaching middle age , tediously droning about " men , " disappointment , sex , aging , and her recent breakup , to a french teenager she met in the ship 's cafeteria .
the tedious monologue continues as they go to duty - free shop , and to a bar , where finally her self - involved rant pushes him away .
the " story " ca n't end there , of course , so she persuades him to listen to her drone on more as she brings him to her cabin .
what little romance , sex , or for that matter , anything at all this film has besides bitter rantings is hardly enough to justify the price of a rental unless you are one of those who love dramas where nothing interesting happens at all .
yes , the ending is very nicely done , but it is scant reward to subject yourself to what amounts to a turning your living room into a virtual therapy session with a narcissistic whiner .
of course , some people like it .
i could be wrong .
i knew it was n't gunna work out between me and d - wars from the moment we met .
first its title was lazy .
d war .
like writing out dragon was too much for them .
also ... you really ca n't be that blatant with your title unless your blue monkey .
blue monkey can do whatever the hell it wants .
the second sign of a rocky relationship between us was the story 's insane progression .
here 's the film , dreamy reporter guy reports on big snake tracks , flashes back to a time he and dad wandered into what must have been the competition for the store in gremlins and dreamy kid reporter
finds a box that glows .
old shop keep reveals several terrible truths .
that bauraki a supposedly evil snake was cheated out of his chance to be a god .
tells the kid that he 's a reincarnated warrior and that somewhere in la is his reincarnated lover and gives him a junk piece of jewelry .
shop keep also reveals that despite his obvious whiteness he 's a 500 year old asian .
fifteen years later dreamy reporter remembers this perfectly and starts acting half crazy trying to find this random girl .
cgi hijinks follow and in the last ten minutes my brain melts out of my nose .
continue on dear reader if you have the balls.so sarah , the reincarnated lover , has her own flashbacks .
i have the benefit of having an asian best friend and in the scene where she starts to freak out and make a bunch of posters with asian characters on them he tells me that whoever made this movie has no idea what their doing .
its a korean legend
and she 's reincarnated from a korean princess but everything is in chinese .
later that night her dragon tat starts to hurt , she calls the police cause it looks like she 's having a heart attack .
see , in this mixed up crazy world they apparently handle heart attacks differently because the next time we see her she 's locked in her room with a guard outside and a nurse claims she 's crazy .
i have a new phobia now , and its that if i 'm ever in trouble the first responders will just assume i 'm crazy .
i have another point of contention with my harsh mistress , dwar .
there is a scene when patrick dempsey jr ( dreamy reporter ) is in a café ' with sassy black friend .
in the scenes prior miffed near divinity bauraki has killed an elephant , slithered through a suburb and killed one of sarah 's friends .
see , people were afraid to come out after 9 - 11 happened
but we must have all toughened up after that deciding coffee and pastries were worth risking our lives for .
business as usual , no way a giant snake will stop me from getting my caffeine on .
if i stay inside and fear for my life the terrorists and serpentine divinities win .
after being given a satisfying dragon on helicopter battle
my cruel lover dwar treats me to a pi$$ and vinegar filled scene to end it all with .
bauraki has a fortress of his own and its right under la i guess .
they do n't really say but dreamy reporter and sarah get knocked out in a car crash that would kill lesser men and when they wake up , yep dragon palace .
some retarded dialog later a good dragon snake god pops out of nowhere and
the snakes wrestle / make love whatever .
and i 'm not kidding good snake out of nowhere .
maybe you think i 'm blowing it out of proportion
, i 'm not there is no mention of this thing in the movie then suddenly ... there !
few seconds later and good dragon becomes dragon god , sets baurki on fire , sarah turns into a ghost and goes with dragon - god , dreamy reporter left in the middle of nowhere roll credits ...
thank godnow our relationship as rocky as it was had its good times .
there was a guy that look like shredder from turtles and talked exactly like a tuskan raider from star wars .
i 'll call him tuskan shredder .
he could do whatever he wanted whenever he wanted to it just could never be useful .
he could walk through a wall in a scene where that was n't helpful .
he could go in your dreams when that would n't do any good
and he could light ten random soldier guys on fire but not when it mattered .
he was also allergic to touching that junk jewelry .
i like him cause he was hit by a car twice in the same scene and made fantastic tuskan raider noises .
the actors for the most part were great ...
if great somehow meant terrible .
jason behr , whom i thought was awesome in roswell
i slowly find out can only act one way
and that 's pretentious , spacey and patrick dempsey"ish" .
the one thing i love about this filthy prostitute dwars is its lead actor , bauraki .
that giant snake acted his heart out .
i 'd dare to say that he was better at playing a cgi serpentine demi - god of evil
then john barrymore was at playing richard the iii or hamlet .
there was emotion in every scene , stealing the thunder from his lesser mortal supporting cast .
when he ate an elephant i felt like no one past , present or future would ever eat an elephant with as much feeling .
he was more then an actor , he was a force of nature and he put his heart and soul into every second of this cursed project .
damn it , my favorite actor in this film was a cgi snake .
i 've got the balls to admit that , do
you?here 's to hoping bauraki get 's more work and is n't type cast
, that jason behr finds a range of emotion other then dreamy stare , and that i never have to watch blue monkey again .
so , d - war its over .
i want my cds back and let 's just be friends
this film limps from self indulgent moment to self indulgent moment , promising to develop into something worth hanging on for .
but it does n't .
it 's flat , self conscious , unimaginative and tedious .
a series of set images and backdrops do n't make a film , they make a calendar .
this kind of pitiful socialist pseudo drama documentary ( " it 's true
it really happened " ) not only fails to entertain , it fails to convince , so it does n't even function as social history .
clichés co - mingled with bad acting make this a film very difficult to finish , the amusement factor wearing off fairly quickly .
the characters are one dimensional , never developing to the extent that one feels for them .
the director 's ego is the largest character in this film .
be warned : this movie tells lots of love stories without any coherence .
the only intention of this movie seems to be showing love in many different ways .
each story has only a few minutes , so there is no development of characters and nearly no plot .
just an sketchy idea of a plot .
the writer tried to build in turning points that aimed to surprise the viewer .
however , that just did n't work out because you did n't get to know the characters in before or
these " jokes " were just silly .
this is a movie about love that fails to reach your heart .
a dozen times .
or even more , i do n't know
and i do n't care .
after harry reems ' teenage girlfriend is raped by zebbedy colt ( the night - walker ) , reems becomes despondent and consoles himself by having sex with some lesbians .
meanwhile , colt , who carries a cane and dresses like a magician , rapes some more women .
eventually , reems decides to track him down and end his crime spree .
despite being shot on film and marginally nasty , it looks like any other 70 's porno and is ineptly executed .
the rape / abuse scenes are surprisingly restrained and the attempt to cash in on " death wish " is laughable .
r. bolla ( " cannibal holocaust " ) plays a cop .
colt , who is usually over - the - top , wigs out in a couple of scenes , but he 's too well behaved for my money .
this roughie could have been much rougher .
quote : theurgist : anyone with an i.q. over 50 would have seen this film what it is , an intelligent well acted prequel to a modern day classic , yes it does n't have a blockbuster cast or a huge budget
but it is still very well done and had me hooked for the full duration .
an i.q. over 50
you say ..
that most mean you have an i.q. lower than 50 ..
its name is carlitos way :
rise to power ! ! !
meaning it should have something whit the first one to do ..
all and all its a ok movie
you change the title
and no characters named carlito
brigante!!!p.s do n't comment on a movie if you do n't know anything about movies .
but i guess an i.q. under 50 , , you wo nt know what the hell i am yelling about ...
peace out ! !
i caught this on showtime tonight and was amazed by how a movie with such a interesting premise could wind up being so unbelievably awful .
who 's your daddy ?
stars brandon davis as an adopted high school senior chris hughes , a geek who inherits the heir to a porn empire left to him by his biological parents .
though the premise sounds like the movie could be a lot of fun , it is ruined by inept directing from first - time director andy fickman , a clichéd and predictable screenplay , and acting that is even bad by direct - to - video standards .
even the normally funny charlie talbert turns in a surprisingly dismal performance as the best friend .
ali landry is the only good part of this lame and unfunny dud .
this movie is most possibly the worst movie i have ever see in my entire life !
the plot is ridiculous and the whole " little man " crap is just so stupid .
the entire movie is unrealistic and dumb .
let 's face it
, it 's just a " black comedy " .
this is just a pointless horrible piece that should have never made it to theaters .
the jokes are not funny and the acting is horrendous .
please , i beg of to you save your money than see this worthless piece of crap .
i had to endure sitting through little man for an hour and a half wishing my eyes would bleed .
i am disgusted that something like this would even be thought of !
who writes this crap ?
the actors have no talent what so ever , how do these people get into hollywood ?
they are making money off this junk !
i saw this movie with some indian friends on christmas day .
the quick summary of this movie is must avoid .
jp dutta wrote , directed , produced and edited this movie and did none of these jobs well .
the movie tells the story of the attempt by pakistan in 1999 to capture part of the disputed region of kashmir from india .
supposedly based on fact , you get a hint from this movie of the difficulty the indian army had in recapturing the area from the pakistani troops - who occupied the high ground .
but instead of telling what must have been a compelling and heroic story , all this movie does is make the indian military look laughable and stupid , which i know is not true .
i watched this movie with an almost completely indian audience , who were very patriotic and clearly wanted to like this movie , but also found themselves laughing at scenes that were n't meant to be funny .
the script was absolutely abysmal .
it gave the impression that mr dutta knows nothing about how an army operates and was using bad war movies for reference .
the result is a script that is brainless and repetitive .
the acting from most of the principals was not stellar , but considering the script they were given , i find it hard to criticise them too much .
as for the supporting cast , all i can say is that i hope they were amateurs .
the editing was also pretty bad .
it was pretty hard to follow what was going on for a lot of the time , and music would abruptly end at scene changes .
good things
: the cinematography was pretty good , although it was hurt a little by the fact that the movie did n't appear to be colour corrected ( the colour balance often varied significantly within scenes ) .
also , the few songs that were in the movie were quite enjoyable - for the first half a dozen or so verses at least .
unfortunately they went on a lot longer than they should have .
and the worst crime of all ?
this mess is four hours long .
there is enough here that a good editor could almost squeeze a good 1.5 - 2 hour movie out of what was shot .
sadly , a good editor was not working on this movie .
the concept for sarafina appears to be a sound one , that is aside from the musical perspective .
it attempts to combine upbeat african music with a story describing the atrocious conditions and atmosphere that black people were forced to endure at the time the film was set .
the contradictions of each of the two elements are too glaring and the film never justifies such rapid shifts between jubilation and terror .
had it simply been a drama reflecting these conditions it may have been a good film , however the scenes of school children being shot down by soldiers do n't exactly sit well next to the songs .
aside from the poor premise the acting is n't the best either , goldberg gives a mediocre performance as does the remainder of the cast .
overall a disappointment.3/10
this is the kind of movie which shows the paucity of french cinema when it comes to making thrillers .
the director 's desire to " sound american " is so glaring that you will not be fooled a minute , unless you have not seen a serial killer movie since " peeping tom" .
two male cops ( or one and a half , more like , as you will see),horrible murders , a plot more complicated than complex .
charles berling is not lucky with the genre(see the astoundlingly dumb " l'inconnu de strasbourg " a couple of years ago).the scenes with his pregnant wife
-which are supposed to be a counterpart for the otherwise noir atmosphere of the rest of the plot - are among the worst ever filmed .
add a steamy love scene between them and a gory autopsy to get a pg 12 and thus to attract the huge adolescent audience .
a violent and absurd conclusion , followed by a silent epilogue who could make a nice commercial for the côte d'azur
, it 's really the silence of the lame .
absolutely putrid slasher film has not one redeeming quality .
it has camp councellor
angela(pamela anderson .. awful as the killer;her quips when she wastes people
are n't even amusing)on the warpath slaying teenagers who act the least bit naughty or resist her pleadings for good behavior .
we run the gamut of boring , clichéd killings such as the slashing to the throat to one kid looking for his freddy clawed glove , a kid who gets a chainsaw , one girl who gets drilled , one who gets shoved into the crapper(filled with leeches ) , one who is roasted , etc .
it does n't have one original idea to offer and is merely a waste of time .
that is unless you want to see valerie hartmen's(who plays the slut ally)tits .
most of the violence occurs off - screen so even that will not satisfy .
i just do n't see how a concorde - new horizons film directed by jim wynorski and featuring the acting talents of andrew stevens and a puppet could be bad .
it just boggles the mind , does n't it?well , let 's make no mistake about it .
munchie strikes back " is indeed a bad film .
munchie is a puppet who has been around for many centuries .
for reasons not fully explained until the end of the film , he is sent to earth to help a single mother and her son .
the mom 's problem ( her main problem at least ) is that she has a balloon payment due on her mortgage in two weeks ... to the not - so - tiny tune of $ 20,000 .
ouch .
she ca n't come up with the money because she just got fired .
ok ...
just is the key word in that sentence .
what the ... ?
was she planning on paying it off with a single paycheck ?
maybe it would 've been a good idea to have spent the last several years saving up for it ...
ya think?munchie has magical powers similar to those a genie would possess ...
but there is n't a limit on the number of wishes you can make !
munchie gets the boy a bunch of fancy stuff for one night
but then the kid asks for it to be sent back to the mall munchie was " borrowing " it from .
the annoying furball also uses his otherworldly skills to help the boy win a baseball game by means of cheating .
a baseball is hit so hard that it orbits the earth several times .
sadly , those dumb parents watching the game do n't think it 's at all strange .
anyway , i 'd like to wrap this up because this has already drained away enough of my lifeforce as it is .
you 'll be truly moved by the scene where leslie - anne down , playing the mother , kicks a dog which is yapping at her .
your heart will melt at her charm when she notices dollar bills fluttering down on her front yard and she wonders how it could be snowing during the summer .
munchie strikes back
credits promised another film to follow entitled , i believe , " munchie hangs ten " .
to date , the movie viewing public has been robbed of what would surely have been a cinematic tour de force .
heh . 1/10
with this abc family attempt of the hit blockbuster " cheaper by the dozen " comes an obnoxious amount of corny dialogue , shallow plot lines , and cheesy comebacks .
with about two good actors among many wanna - be 's , this movie was a major disappointment .
its a hollywood - wannabe ditto of an already bad plot .
then , because they needed a lot of actors , that meant that they 'd probably be more lenient .
so the acting was n't five - star .
the plot moved fairly fast , and the twists were bad and had horrible timing .
the junction of characters and the " end relationships " were also too mushy and clichéd for me .
spare yourself and rent something better .
the book is fantastic , this film is not .
there is no reason this film could not have embraced a futuristic technological vision of the book .
hell , total recall was released a few years later and that did a good job of it ,
even a clockwork orange released in the 70s did a good job of trying to make a futuristic world .
the bleak german expressionistic colours , the black and white footage from the vision screens
, there is no reason for this approach for when the film was made in 1984 .
the main character is in a white collar writing job
yet he dresses like he works with oil and grease in a garage .
this film decides to take a mock - communistic approach to set design , atmosphere and theme , yet the novel did not necessarily dictate a communist , worship - the - humble - worker theme itself .
this book seriously needs to be adapted in a modern context as this book is more relevant today than ever before .
i could not watch more than 20 minutes of this crap .
the soundtrack is annoying , the lack of foresight is annoying , this film seems to have been made to deny a sense of realism or believability when that is exactly what is required to hammer the novel 's messages to the viewer .
what a horrible comedy .
totally lame .
the supposed " humor " was simple and stupid .
stanly tucci ( a great actor ) had the only parts worth chuckling at .
and he was tied up and gagged at the time .
do n't waste your time with this one .
it deserves a 0/10 .
let me start out by saying that i used to really like betty grable , particularly from " down argentine way " , but by the time she got around to this disaster , she had also got " round " and frankly the whole film was an embarrassment .
costarred with douglas fairbanks jnr ( who must have been fairly desperate )
the story was bad , the colours good , and the film far too long .
it had some of the old standbys in it like harry davenport and reginald gardiner to try and stimulate interest but with no success .
the music score was woeful , and i have to say not one tune was memorable in any way ....
as i was such a fan of miss grable , i always wish i had never seen this one !
worst movie , ( with the best reviews given it )
i 've ever seen .
over the top dialog , acting , and direction .
more slasher flick than thriller .
with all the great reviews this movie got i 'm appalled that it turned out so silly .
shame on you martin scorsese
sky captain is possibly the best awful movie i 've seen in a long while .
rife with amazing cg and special effects , studded with an a - list cast ( jude law , gwyneth paltrow , angelina jolie and the infinitely likable giovanni ribisi ) and racing along with an overused but indiana jones - esquire storyline , this should have been a great movie to watch .
'should have ' being the key term here , of course .
jude law plays joe the sky captain with a dashing accent and plenty of over - the - shoulder , heart - melting smirks , but you ca n't make something out of nothing , and even his flippant deliveries and boyish good looks ca n't save the movie 's stone dialogue .
( if he had slapped giovanni ribisi on the back and said , " good boy , dex , " just one more time , i might have barfed all over the guy in front of me . )
gwyneth paltrow , as polly perkins , is nothing less than nerve grating .
her nasal whining and not - quite - sarcastic comments get old in the first ten minutes of the movie .
perhaps she put too much effort into playing the stereotypical 30 's comic book heroine- who knows ?
i expected more from her .
an example of how a similar character was played ( and played well ) is in the late 90 's flick
" the phantom , " starring kristy swanson and billy zane .
rent the movie and you 'll know what i mean .
giovanni ribisi and angelina jolie were the saving graces in the film .
( angelina jolie was incredibly hot in that eyepatch .
i 'll admit it . )
in just a few short scenes , both actors somehow managed to rise above the tired material and deliver a more riveting performance than their dry , two - dimensional castmates .
the plot and steady story progression were old , boring , and basically just a monotonous combination of every good scene from an action movie in the past thirty years .
the pace is rapid - fire in the first half of the movie , and a snail 's pace in the second , giving the audience enough time not only to guess the eventual conclusion of the film , but to figure out who the key villain is as well .
the pairing is rather clichéd , also-
polly perkins and sky captain apparently reunite after several years of separation from a bitterly - ended romance , and their story is n't so much charming and eclectic as it is annoying and mismatched .
when they finally come to terms with their mutual feelings towards the end of the film , nobody 's surprised , and nobody really cares either .
props to the director for appreciating bai ling enough to dress her in skintight vinyl for the entirety of the film , and also for the intriguing sepia tones that served as coloration throughout .
but sky captain , despite having all the essential elements of being a great movie , falls flat on its face .
not even worth the $ 2.75 i paid to get into the theater .
i was bored , around 10 pm , so i watched this movie .
and i could not stop laughing .
everything was so ridiculous .
the way the kids were acting like they were older than 11 just cracked me up .
one of the kids had a ring , that supposedly killed people after 3 or so years .
it gave me the impression that he wanted to be a gangster .
it 's pretty hard to take little kids seriously , especially when it has to do with eating worms .
they act like everything is such a big deal , like if billy ( the main character ) does n't eat the worms then the world will end .
this is a good movie for little kids ( excluding the fact that a 5 year old says ' penis ' ) , but not for teens or adults who do n't want to waste their time .
i was china in this film .
i choose the screen name sheeba alahani because i was modeling at the time in italy and they could n't pronounce my real name correctly , so i choose sheeba and then added alahani since it was similar to alohalani .
i had never acted before ( and it shows ) , but it was so much fun to film .
they gave me " acting lessons " each morning ( which obviously were not useful ) .
they dubbed my voice ( thank goodness).david and peter were a blast on the set , full of good humor and jokes .
this film was never meant to be taken seriously , it was a tax write off according to inside information .
i give it a 1 because i have a sense of humor , but a 10 for the fun i had " acting " in it .
confounding melodrama taken from a william gibson story , produced by john houseman and directed by vincente minnelli !
richard widmark heads up posh , upscale rural nervous asylum , where his loose wife battles with self - appointed queen bee lillian gish , and widmark himself gets the straying eye for staff - newcomer lauren bacall , who is putting her life back together after the death of her husband and child .
facetious and muddled , set in an indiscriminate time and place , and with a " david and lisa " love story hidden in the plush morass .
widmark and bacall do have some good chemistry together , but this script gives them nothing to build on .
for precisely an hour , most of the dialogue concerns what to do about the drapes hanging in the library
( this thread is n't used as symbolism , rather it 's a red herring in a non - mystery ! ) .
the picture hopes to show the loggerheads that disparate people come to when they 're working in the same profession and everyone thinks their opinion is right , but unfortunately the roundabout way
minnelli unravels this stew is neither informative , enlightening nor entertaining .
* * from * * * *
i like a lot of the actors / actresses involved in this project so being insulted by the movie felt even worse than if they used a unknowns .the
main problem was this movie was clearly just a concept created to appeal to baby boomers .in
20 or 30 years nbc will probably do a movie just like this about the early 90 's .
i can see it now a black family where the kids are involved with the la riot 's and the white family has the kids rebel and listen to grunge rock music .the soundtrack will feature bands like nirvana , n.w.a , public enemy , soundgarden etc .the movie like this will be just as cheesy as the 60 's and
i gurantee you
nbc will do it .see
the biggest problem with period pieces when done buy networks is that when you are living in a certain time period you are n't thinking i am living in the 60 's or
whatever decade is trendy retro at the time .next
time someone does something like this they should put more weight into there project
what a waste !
this movie could have really been something decent , but the writing , in particular , is crap , and the main characters are rather shallow and uninteresting .
mike meyers was good , and the historical recreation of late 70s decadence was well crafted , but overall , this movie was a big waste of time .
instead , the movie to watch , that deals with similar themes and the same basic time frame , is the great boogie nights .
because that 's all she does through out this whole movie , is get naked for no good reason .
when tarzan is bitten by a snake , she suddenly removes her clothes .
since when is a boa constrictor poisonous?how did tarzan get poisoned by the way ?
this whole movie is screwed up .
they could n't get the species of animals for this movie right .
whats an orangutang doing hanging around those chimpanzees?he must have wandered off the set of a much better film .
the group of cannibal tribe 's men look caucasin .
why?and
why was
bo and her dad painted , if they were going to be eaten later?it was probably just a lame excuse to show her breasts and curves again .
her dad while hunting , approaches and acts stupidly around a bull elephant while standing too close to it .
any real african bull elephant that was n't from the circus , would've stomped this moron 's butt .
any smart hunter would 've started shooting the minute he saw it .
and i ca n't help but wonder if the camera was on lsd , because it kept showing various scenes that went in slow motion , for no good reason .
it did n't make good sense at all .
the boa constrictor that tarzan wrestled with in the water , looks like one of those 12 ft rubber snakes you can buy at a local spencer gifts .
tarzan was strangly speechless in this film , maybe from bo flashing herself so much .
i'm sorry , but this is a rip off of a classic black and white tarzan movie , with a similar but better story .
not to mention plotting .there 's one scene in that i saw that everyone forgot to
mention.*(spoilers alert)*the scene where he is trying to rescue jane and her dad , has him standing too close to a running water spout .
it made it seem like he 's urinating on someone below him .
eww!also , him and jane are fooling around on a beach , with perverted monkeys jumping and clapping .
she sure did take her dad 's death real well.*(end of spoilers)*there
should be a surgeon general 's warning on this film .
that seeing bo naked too much in this movie , will make you go blind .
anyone who has seen ' shine',scott hicks film of the heartbreaking yet ultimately joyful life of the pianist david helfgotts ; will i am sure realise that ' the soloist ' is very poor in comparison .
it is as slow as a lullaby ( i took five breaks answering emails just to wake up ) .
the depiction of the homeless area way over the top and extremely self indulgent , on a par i fear with the awful beach battle depiction in joe wrights other disaster attonment .
fox performance was an extremely poor example of acting and lacked credibility from the offset .
downey on the other hand ; although struggling with a badly paced film , still manages to charm,9is it me or is he turning into george clooney in more ways than one ? ) .
comparing both these well known so called ' star'actors though is unnecessary as the light that shines brightest as far as acting is concerned must be that of ' shine 's
' geoeffry rush who 's brilliant performance definitely shone far brighter in my sky .
with both ' attonment ' and ' the soloist ' the written word wins far more prizes for empathy of subject .
read the book and articles or wait for the dvd its bound to be in the bargain basement soon .
i downloaded this movie yesterday through an internet site the quality was kinda good !
i was watching the movie with high expectations ( though i knew it was a flop ) , especially as the film has superstar amitabh bachchan playing the role of a villain .
i though at least actors like him would have done some worth to their roles .
but unfortunately mr bachchan failed to impress as villain this proved that nobody can compete amjad khan 's magic rgv 's trial to re - kindle the past backfired royally !
sholay , the old one is a milestone in indian cinema with an all - star cast , cult dialogue , stylish cinematography and a brilliant soundtrack which is still a hit with present generations too .
a good actor like ajay devgan 's talents are wasted and his performance was average .
prashant raj , a newcomer does n't know what acting is .
nisha kothari proved she is one of the worst actresses we have
i do n't know how she is still in rgv 's crew urmila & abhishek seen in a song with no excitement and passion
mohanlal tried his best and susmitha sen 's work was good
i somehow liked her work in this movie
it was a total carnage of the original sholay
the beginning of this movie is excellent with tremendous sound and some nice humor , but once the film changes into animation it quickly loses its appeal .
one of the reasons that was so , at least for me , was that the colors in much of the animation are too muted , with too little contrast .
it does n't look good , at least on vhs .
once in a while it breaks out and looks great , but not often also , the characters come and go too quickly .
for example , i would have liked to have seen more of " moby dick . "
when the film starts to drag , however , it picks up again with the entrance of the dragon and then the film finishes strong .
overall , just not memorable enough or able to compete with the great animated films of the last dozen years .
" after the atomic bombs carried by a shot - down soviet bomber explode in the arctic , the creature ' gammera ' is released from his hibernation .
the giant prehistoric turtle proceeds on a path to tokyo and destroys anything in his path .
the military and the scientific community rush to find a means to stop this monster before tokyo is laid to waste , " according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
the re - produced for american audiences version of this , the first film in the " gamera " series , adds english language material that is even funnier than the regularly dubbed japanese fare .
clearly , the monster is following in the footsteps of " godzilla " .
taking his cue from abc 's faddish " batman ! " tv series , musician wes farrell 's ludicrous theme song heightens the us version 's camp appeal .
* * gammera the invincible ( 12/15/66 )
sandy howard , noriaki yuasa ~
dick o'neill , brian donlevy , albert dekker , john baragrey
this may or may not be the worst movie that steve martin has ever made , but it certainly was far from his best .
obviously , he did this crap for the pay check .
dreck like this certainly does nothing to enhance his reputation as a funny man .
what he does n't seem to grasp is that when people go to see a steve martin movie , they expect to be entertained , not bored to tears .
it 's sad that he dragged dan aykroyd and phil hartman down with him .
i do n't understand why talented people ca n't get a grip on the fact that people do n't want to see them in lousy movies .
if you 're going to call a movie a comedy , then it should be funny .
this was n't .
shame on the us military for allowing itself to be associated with this pabulum , too .
full metal jacket had more laughs than this miserable excuse for a " service comedy .
surely , phil silvers is rolling over in his grave .
although there are some snippets in this 4-part documentary hinting at the necessity for recreational drug law reform , these are not very well - developed , in contrast to the many snippets from those who feel that the drugs that happen to currently be illegal are a scourge for which the only imaginable solution is incarceration of even those who are guilty even of mere possession of such drugs .
although this program , as a whole , leaves the viewer with the impression that the drug war is largely a futile exercise and a waste of money , and for that it deserves some praise , almost nothing in this documentary addresses the very real problems that total war against those who merely possess illegal drugs obviously causes and contributes to -- very real problems that most drug warriors themselves would tell you ,
if asked , they think the drug war is designed to solve .
for example , while many minutes are spent on the surge in violence associated with the rising popularity of crack cocaine in the 80 's , at no point does this program even hint that the very laws designed to suppress crack cocaine make it impossible for drug sellers to enforce their contracts and business arrangements in courts of law , forcing them to resort to violence to stay in business .
but instead of seeing the laws as an important cause of the violence , the drugs themselves seem to take the brunt of the blame .
inexplicably , alcohol prohibition , the violence that ensued , and the subsequent reversal of prohibition , is totally ignored by this program .
this program will help to perpetuate ridiculous stereotypes of drug users , and it is these that are the primary force in driving the very expensive and very problematic drug war .
the possibility of incorporating drugs other than alcohol into a happy and successful life is not really touched on .
use of any drug in excess is probably going to cause personal problems , but not all users do their drugs in excess , just like not all alcohol users are alcoholics .
if you want a point of view from someone who believes that adults have a moral right not to be incarcerated and have their lives ruined by the criminal justice system just for using drugs that the government , for mostly very arbitrary political reasons rather than reasons based on sound social policy and legitimate science , has decided to totally prohibit , whose users it has decided to not - so - metaphorically wage war against , just forget about it .
none of that is in here .
on the other hand , this is hardly in the category of anti - drug propaganda .
it is mostly an interesting neutrally - presented history of drugs in 20th century united states like marijuana , lsd , heroin , cocaine , mdma , and oxycontin .
but there is a significant element of various people 's points of view with regard to drug laws , and most ( but not all ) of that is not very thoughtful or well - informed and slanted in favor of the drug warrior mentality , especially with respect to drugs other than marijuana .
the criminal justice system , along with its often harsh life - ruining penalties , is obviously not the only answer or the most appropriate answer to every single social problem , but unfortunately there 's an epidemic in this nation of an as - yet unnamed disease whose primary symptoms are a lack of imagination with respect to social policy when it comes to certain drugs , a lack of compassion for fellow humans , a prejudice against people who use the drugs that are not governmentally - approved , perhaps a vested interest in the growth of the prison / policing industry , and a horrid apathy with regard to human dignity .
it 's morally wrong to kidnap or incarcerate people unless you have a very damn good reason for doing so , and the mere possession of an arbitrarily selected group of drugs is clearly not such a reason .
this is really the primary issue when it comes to drugs , yet this program ignores it .
so , in sum , the parts of this program that neutrally present history without feeding stereotypes of drug users that are at the heart of the drug war mentality are pretty good and interesting and entertaining .
but when it comes to presenting a rational non - radical point of view with regard to drug policy , and giving the viewer examples not only of people with drug problems but also the many people who successfully incorporate drugs into happy and successful lives , it 's pretty disappointing .
i 'm grateful for one thing and one thing only - that this woman will now be thousands of miles away on an entirely different continent ! ! !
yay ! ! !
this programme summed up perfectly just how obsessed victoria beckham has become with whoring herself and her family out to the media in the name of self promotion and ' brand f*cking beckham' .
a few years ago i used to really like ' posh and becks '
, i still very much admire david 's talent , but i have no respect for him anymore .
how can you respect someone who has his wife 's hand shoved up his backside working him like a puppet .
it was clear the hand of victoria was all over beckham 's premature departure from manchester united and now the same thing has happened at real madrid .
i hope beckham can live with the fact that although he may be earning squillions of pounds - he 's sold his soul for the american buck and will end his days playing for a team who would struggle to gain promotion from division one in england ( no offence america - but at baseball and basketball you rule - football you do n't ! )
anyway - i digress .
it 's been years since i 've seen such an over - the - top , entirely false performance from ' posh ' -
this being topped only during her cringe worthy red carpet performances following the rebecca loos ' debacle ' , when instead of throwing all the cr*p at david he deserved , she desperately clung onto his arm trying to save the million pound money - spinner her marriage has become .
this whole pr stunt was pathetic .
why ca n't she just go over there quietly , support her husband through the biggest mistake of his professional career and keep her head down ?
when did she become so full of self importance that she feels the move to america should be shrouded by this huge fan fare ?
incidentally , i saw the david beckham documentary last night .
at least he has retained a sliver of grace and humility .
two things his wife could do with learning .
one more thing victoria -
you complain about constantly being hounded by the paps .
little hint - stop tipping them off about your whereabouts you stupid woman .
good luck america ! !
amy poehler and rachel dratch are among the funnier women to have been on " saturday night live " .
it 's unfortunate that they , along with tina fey and maya rudolph , were on snl during the longest stretch of unfunny writing and sketch - making ( circa 2002 - 2006 )
the show has ever had .
still , these two women most especially know what 's funny , and they know how to write a funny movie .
you'll notice in the credits of this movie that dratch and director ryan shiraki wrote the story for " spring breakdown " , but who wrote the actual screenplay , consisting of dialogue and all the important fill - in - the - blank material that makes a story into a multidimensional movie ?
yep , just shiraki .
just one guy wrote the dialogue for this movie , and no women apparently wrote the script with him .
the result is a pretty cliché spring break movie that does n't so much spoof the faux holiday as much as exploit it equally as much as mtv does every year .
if dratch , poehler , and even co - star parker posey could have contributed their handwriting to the screenplay , it would have been far less cliché .
the premise is original , being about three thirty - something women who were unpopular in high school ( and apparently college , too ) who never had the fun spring break trip they allegedly dreamed about .
i say " allegedly " because you never quite know what fun is to these characters .
they entered talent shows in the past where they sing stale pro - woman anthems like " true colors " , and spend their nights together holding make - your - own - pizza parties .
even though none of them are especially unattractive , the outside world appears to treat them like they are .
there 's a scene where a blind student of poehler 's ( played by poehler 's real life husband will arnett ) asks her out on a date , only to touch her face and immediately change his mind .
if poehler 's character is supposed to be unattractive , they obviously hired the wrong actress .
the movie continues to show promise , even though we have our doubts about the main characters , when posey 's boss , texas senator ' kay bee ' hartmann ( jane lynch , funny as always ) hires posey to watch over her unpopular college - age daughter ( amber tamblyn , playing yet another woman who 's attractive in real life , but not in the eyes of any characters in this movie ) while she goes to a laguna beach - like vacation spot for spring break .
poehler and dratch come along , they reluctantly get boozed up , party like they apparently should have when they were in college , and then comes the ultimate showdown with the sorority bitches lead by sophie monk .
sophie monk is an incredibly attractive woman who has a body both women and men would kill to have for different reasons .
unfortunately , her movie career is off to a rough start with the abominably unfunny " date movie " ( 2006 ) and the disappointing " click " ( 2006 ) .
here , she plays a southern belle , although her voice sounds like she stole delta burke 's voice box .
she hams it up a little too much , trying too hard to play a conniving bitch that she comes off as much like a caricature of spoiled college kids as the rest of the extras .
"spring
breakdown " was released straight to dvd despite the star power of amy poehler , but rightly so because the story is way too cliché .
it may as well have been called " national lampoon 's spring breakdown " , and the magazine probably would n't have sued for trademark infringement because of the free publicity .
if director shiraki had given at least one woman the creative input , especially rachel dratch , this movie would have been great and not nearly as run - of - the - mill as frat - house comedies we 've seen before .
i know dratch will come up with another funny concept , and hopefully be allowed to fill in the rest of the screenplay herself .
she 's funny enough , and she deserves better than this half - baked comedy that would accept stiffler 's brother with open arms .
i 'm sure that operations dames was a favorite at the drive - ins back in the day .
there 's absolutely nothing in the way of a plot that you might miss if you were otherwise preoccupied .
and if you needed to get in the mood for other activities you did have some curvaceous cuties on screen to get you in the mood .
otherwise there ai n't a whole lot that operations dames has going for it .
it 's set in the korean war where a platoon of gis together with a british tommy gets a little too far forward and has to get back to the un lines .
bad enough already , but these guys also come across a stranded bunch of uso girls and their choreographer in the same predicament .
you know what 's sad about this film is that it took women generations to finally get accepted in the army and in combat situations .
these bimbos from the uso set women 's liberation back light years .
in fact not even the hard bitten professional soldier who is the sergeant in charge of these men can keep it in his pants .
but that was probably the better to remind some what they were at the drive - in for .
this no name cast is better off with me not recognizing any of them for any individual effort .
operations dames is definitely a team flop .
nu image , ufo and others produce films for the sci fi channel that come in with budgets of roughly $ 2 million .
some feature extensive effects work , others feature recognizable casts and still others feature both -- for $ 2 million .
hines initially claimed that this film was budgeted at $ 20 million dollars but it 's painfully obvious that this was probably produced for $ 750,000 if not considerably less than that .
few sets are utilized , a number of scenes are shot against green screen and most effects seem incomplete and amateurish .
it 's painful to watch .
not so much because it is poorly directed , poorly executed and misguided but because many of us have been following the progress of this production for quite some time and had high hopes for this film despite its relatively modest budget .
those of us who believed in this movie when it was originally announced have joined the legions of those spoken of by p.t. barnum .
jack black 's character , tim dingman the " dreamer " in envy , finds wealth and success in the idea of a aerosol spray " vapoorize " that when sprayed on doggie dung , makes the poo disappear into thin air .
for a moment i was hoping that vapoorize was a real product so that i could spray it on this " stinker " of a movie and make it disappear into thin air as well .
although envy is not the worst movie that i have seen in the past 12 months ( that honor goes to the cat in the hat ) , it does get the honor of a close second .
not funny , not sad , not anything .
a real " stinkeroo"!!!!!a 0.2 out of 10 ! !
this obvious pilot for an unproduced tv series features young canadian actress shiri appleby as an amnesiac with some pretty incredible powers that must be put to use when a man - turned - flying demon is let loose on the world .
the cgi is par for a tv job , and appleby is ok as an amnesiac but hard to swallow as a superheroine .
familiar tv face richard burgi is along for the ride as appleby 's mentor , but he can do nothing to elevate this dreck above the mediocre level .
we see way too much of the cartoonish flying demon right from the start , a bad sign .
also , the scenes where burgi is training appleby for battle are actually laughable .
they are a bad copy of similar scenes in several other movies , most notably remo williams .
linda lovelace was the victim of a sadistic woman hater , chuck traynor .
i do n't understand how having sex with a dog ( which is animal abuse , as well )
can be found to be entertaining or funny .
linda lovelace was a virtual prisoner who was coerced into making these films .
i know some people will criticize this comment but i feel strongly that these types of films fuel the fire of hatred and further misogynistic feelings towards women .
this society continues to portray women as sexual objects as opposed to human beings .
we call ourselves " civilized "
however i feel we have a long way to go before we can ever scratch the surface of being civilized .
the biggest mystery of veronica mars is not one that she had to tackle on screen .
rather , the mystery is why this perennial ratings disappointment is still on the air .
this week marked a nadir for veronica mars : it ranked 146 out of 146 shows in the big 6 ( soon to be big 5 ) .
yes , you read right .
veronica mars was beaten by every show of the now - defunct wb and every show on upn .
it was beat by all the shows on fox and of course by all the shows on abc , cbs and nbc.now , the hip hypesters are going to say :
but this was a re - run .
but everything on tv that week was pretty much a re - run !
it boggles the mind why cw would choose this proved ratings disappointment as one of the few shows it saved from upn.clearly
something is going on behind the scenes .
favors are being exchanged and influence peddled .
sorry to be so cynical , but what other explanation is there ?
the " veronica mars has potential " line is clearly dead now that it 's had two years to establish itself and failed to do so .
maybe it 's joel silver 's influence and clout , but frankly , i am at a loss why anyone would choose to spend their clout on a bad show that no audience is watching .
a great mystery and a very inauspicious debut for cw .
to compare this squalor with an old , low budget porno flick would be an insult to the old , low budget porno flick .
the animal scenes have no meaning nor do they represent this man and his crimes even in the broadest sense of abstractions .
the synopsis on the back of the dvd case says in part , "  gripping retelling of the btk killer 's reign of terror .
" this is not a retelling .
a retelling would suggest that you are being told the truth of what happened or how or why .
none of these things are true .
i 'm an enthusiastic studier of serial killers and have seen some pretty crappy movies about them and honestly , this is not one of them .
this is n't even about the btk killer .
save yourself some time and a few bucks and rent dahmer instead .
that serial killer movie is accurate and true .
however , if you just have to see this movie for yourself , check it out for free at your local library and even then , you 'll still feel cheated .
the film is about a sabretooth on the lose at a amusement park where teens are on a scavenger hunt .
since there are no rules they break into a building and start getting killed off .
the deaths are cheesy and are dumb .
but at least it had better effects then sabretooth .
i gave it a three because stacy was in it
and i loved the movie sabretooth .
i thought it was okay
but some deaths were off - screen .
there was a dumb scene where the two teens kiss and the sabretooth 's head pops out and the boy leaves his girlfriend behind leaving her to have her totally fake looking red guts out .
then the sabretooth gets up in the vents and bites the kids head off .
the end death with the owner was totally fake looking graphics .
even that death was stupid because the statues tooth went through his mouth and hangs there like that will support it and there is a scene when a goth girl loses her contacts does n't find them , and seems like she does n't need the .
the film is idiotic and a waste of time .
in the words of charles dance 's character in this film , " bollocks ! "
no plot , no character development , and utterly unbelievable .
full of stuff that just does n't happen in the real world
( since when were british police inspectors armed with handguns in shoulder holsters ? ) .
full of mistakes ( bulgarian trains in london ? ) .
full of dull and artificial dialogue .
and the directing / editing is awful - wobbly hand - held camera shots that add nothing to the film except a vague feeling of seasickness ; confusing jump - cuts ; no structure .
wesley snipes ' character is totally unsympathetic - why should we care what happens to him ?
direct to video ?
direct to the dustbin !
deathstalker is directed by john watson and it stars rick hill , who is some kind of body builder and famous of that , if i have understood right ?
the plot follows as deathstalker ( hill ) tries to get something back from the evil lord , and he has to travel to the lord 's cave .
he meets many dwarfs and monsters during his journey , and the settings are very close to tolkien , and of course conan the barbarian .
this is a rip off of huge success of conan , and even though this is very stupid film , it has many nice trash merits and is recommended for trash fans and tolerating film
junkies!there are no many cinematic merits in this film .
couple of scenes are almost atmospheric and fascinating , but what deathstalker concentrates to show , are nude females and huge muscles of hill .
females are usually helpless victims and very stupid , too , so this is very macho film and thus may not please many feminists !
the fight scenes are nothing special and pretty dull , and the monsters are not either anything special .
and all the other aspects of the film are also very amateurish and badly done , but what did you expect from low budget effort like this ?
this tries to be as great as conan but fails pretty miserably .
as i said , this can please fans of turkey cinema but no one else .
this belongs to the category
it 's so bad
it 's great!deathstalker
is still not as near as bad as it could be , and as a turkey film , i appreciate this almost as much as other turkeys , enjoyable ones of course !
if bad films are your cup of tea , then try this and have fun , but if you do n't understand " enjoyably bad films " then stay away .
and if somebody ca n't stand large amount of nudity , then stay away as well .
there is more nudity here than violence , and due to these scenes , the film has an r rating .
otherwise this could be some safe pg family film!4/10
bela lugosi plays a doctor who will do anything to keep his wife looking young and beautiful .
to this end , he drugs brides during their wedding ceremonies to make it look as if they are dead so he can steal their bodies .
i 'm not exactly sure what he does with the bodies .
i do n't remember it ever being fully explained .
all i know is that he extracts something from them and injects it in his wife .
( i 'll just guess that it 's spinal fluid .
spinal fluid was all the rage of mad scientists in the 40s . )
you can pretty much guess the rest from here .
there are a couple ( well , really more than a couple , but i 'll only write about two ) of problems that i have with this movie .
one is the way bela is used .
sure , he does a decent enough job in his own overacting sort of way
( btw , the rest of the cast is simply abysmal ) .
but , to have him hiding in the back of a hearse or having him creep into the female reporter 's bedroom to do nothing is just silly .
also , why have him beat and/or kill every henchman he has ?
is it to make him look evil ?
well , someone who is kidnapping comatose brides does n't really need to be made to look more evil .
the second problem i have is the idea of drugging brides .
why brides ?
would n't any female under the age of 20 do ?
watching bela go through these gyrations to get his victims , i was reminded of the idiotic fisherman in i
still know what you did last summer .
in each case , there would appear to be an easier way of reaching your objective than employing a seemingly impossible plan that depends way to much on circumstances out of your control .
( btw , an alternate title for this movie is the case of the missing brides .
i guess that partially explains the need for ' brides ' . )
a teenager who seems to have it all commits suicide .
it leaves his family and his best friend ( keanu reeves ) asking a lot of questions ... and blaming themselves .
good idea , badly handled .
for starters this has been done before 1988 - -mostly in tv movies and after school specials .
aside from some swearing and dialogue ( hence the pg-13 rating ) this added nothing new .
the outcome is predictable and reeve 's attempts at acting were truly painful to watch .
he 's good now but not in 1988 .
aside from that his character was dressed like a slob and always looked
so dirty is was hard to build up sympathy .
that aside the movie is dull .
i saw every scene coming and every " surprise " was telegraphed .
i basically could n't wait for this thing to get over .
i have a vague recollection of seeing it in a theatre in 1988 and hating it ( it bombed badly ) .
it still looks lousy almost 20 years later .
the subject is worth handling
but it 's been done better ( with better acting ) in countless other movies .
" ordinary people " comes to mind .
you can skip this one .
first and foremost , i loved the novel by ray bradbury .
it 's the kind of horror that gets under your skin and sticks with you later .
it was one of his best books , with , you know , fahrenheit 451 and dandelion wine .
i as just hoping that this movie would be all right .
it had lots of chances , with a great cast , like jason robards and jonathn pryce .
and bradbury even wrote the script himself .
and on top of all that , it has pam grier!how
could it fail?there may be spoilers within .
first of all , it was dumbed down .
much of the horror from the book was lost as bradbury must have been forced to keep the violence to a minimum .
all the visuals from the book ... gone .
everything that made you squirm ... gone .
and then there 's the acting .
like a lot of movies that disney threw out in the 80s , the kids in this movie can not act .
and , this bugged me a lot , neither of them looked 13 but 9 or 10 .
their strong friendship was n't addressed .
it was more like they were acquaintaces .
you 'd think jason robards and jonathan pryce could pull this off in their roles of mr. halloway and mr. dark .
but here it 's like they just do n't care .
all they want to do is somehow pay off some mortgage or something .
this is far from being some of their best performances .
pam grier was fine as the witch , but the charecter of the dust witch herself was n't well pulled off .
she 's a lot less evil and does n't have the presence as she did in the book .
and everything that was left out of the book .
the ballon night chase , the marking of jim 's house , the real death of mr. dark , what happened to mr. coogan on the merry - go - round , the fate of the lightening rod salesman , the real death of the witch , and oh so much more .
and the special effects were bad , even for the 80s .
the merry - go - round of doom for one thing with the superimposed horses going around was n't really creepy , and that weird green mist that really had nothing to do with anything .
i could keep going about how this movie ripped apart the original novel , but it makes blood boil .
do n't see this movie but read the book .
it 's a classic of bradbury .
whoever wrote the screenplay for this movie obviously never consulted any books about lucille ball , especially her autobiography .
i 've never seen so many mistakes in a biopic , ranging from her early years in celoron and jamestown to her later years with desi .
i could write a whole list of factual errors , but it would go on for pages .
in all , i believe that lucille ball is one of those inimitable people who simply can not be portrayed by anyone other than themselves .
if i were lucie arnaz and desi , jr. , i would be irate at how many mistakes were made in this film .
the filmmakers tried hard , but the movie seems awfully sloppy to me .
bela lugosi is an evil botanist who sends brides poisoned orchids on their wedding day , steals the body in his fake ambulance / hearse and takes it home for his midget assistant to extract the glandular juices in order to keep bela 's wife eternally young .
some second rate actors playing detectives try to solve the terrible , terrible mystery .
bela lugosi hams it up nicely , but you can tell he needed the money .
this film is thoroughly awful , and most of the actors would have been better off sticking to waiting tables , but the plot is wonderfully ridiculous .
tell anyone what happens in it
and they tend to laugh quite a lot and demand to see the film .
i got the dvd in a discount store 2 for £ 1 , which i think is a pretty accurate valuation , anyone paying more for this would be out of their mind .
i should explain why i gave this ...
"piece of art
" 1 star rating out of possible 10 .
simply because it 's hard or next to impossible to rate it unbiased .
probably it would have been the same if i had given it 10/10 - explanations anyway would have followed .
i am not fond of these pointless gore movies like hostel or so - i think that 's disgusting and pretty terrible ( in all the possible contextual meanings ) , but as i found out after watching this movie - there is a genre called " historical drama " - and probably it would have been the case of 10/10 as it has plenty of it
and tarantino would have been more than happier with it ( and made kill bill 3 to spill even more blood on screen than here to show that it is possible ) .
but the thing about " historical drama " genre is that it 's a sub - category of the " trash movies " where john romero is the undead - gory - emperor - of - the - guts and so automatically it ca n't be rated as your default movie - as these are movies that are made bad on purpose
and you ca n't really tell whether the comically bad moment was meant to be so , or it was simply bad .
it 's for the people who like to enjoy bad acting , bad screenplay and bad everything else .
and by some turn of faith - i am one of them too .
there are days when i have an urge of seeing a really bad movie and look up for some trash and here you go - the day is saved !
but that 's definitely an opinion of mine and does n't have match with anyones ' else .
what i wanted to say is that if you want to watch some terrible movie - then fellini 's casanova is definitely the choice , but heed my advice and do n't rate it by default means .
much of " over her dead body " is so painfully unfunny that i was actually squirming in my seat out of embarrassment for the actors .
eva longoria proves that she ca n't carry a film in this terrible romantic comedy , and further , that she does n't really even have any comedic timing .
she 's grating and annoying as a ghost who returns to earth to keep a cooky psychic from dating her widower fiancé .
the fiancé is played by paul rudd , drippy and charmless , while the psychic is played by lake bell , bringing the movie whatever anemic energy it has .
i felt most sorry for bell , as she appears to have some comic abilities and was working overtime in an effort to make the material work .
unfortunately , she is up against the insurmountable task of making any movie that features jason biggs tolerable , and she is dragged down with the rest of the cast like leo dicaprio at the end of " titanic . "
" over her dead body " actually pi**ed me off , because of its laziness and utter lack of effort .
i started to think of all the interesting projects that ca n't get funded because vast amounts of money are being funneled into bland crap like this .
seriously , does hollywood think movies like this are good enough ?
how stupid do they really think the movie - going public is ?
grade : f
french director jean rollin is n't exactly known for great films , and this confusing mess is one of the reasons why .
one of the most confusing things about this production is the title .
for a director who is well known for directing erotic films about lesbian vampires ; you would expect a film with the word ' nude ' in the title to be a particularly bare - breasted one ; but in fact , there 's not a lot of nudity here at all .
instead of erotic lesbian vampires with no clothes on ; we 've got a cumbersome plot about a man who wants to unlock the secret to immortality , a young woman whose affliction might hold the key and a suicide cult , who do n't get to do much .
the film starts off promisingly with a sequence that sees a young girl carried off by a mysterious bunch of people in masks under the watchful eye of a young french man , who also happens to be the son of a man of importance .
through his investigation , he soon discovers that this woman is not just a normal lady , and as he delves deeper into the cult ; he discovers that can not be killed by bullets , drinks blood and ca n't go out in daylight ...
sounds like a clear cut case of vampirism to me .
jean rollin keeps the fantasy atmosphere going throughout the film , but it fails to be interesting because the plot is so badly executed .
it is possible to keep up with what 's going on , but only because there 's so many other films that follow similar plots to this one .
the director seems to know that he 's messed up the plotting too , as the climax is basically an excuse to explain the film to the audience .
there is a twist thrown in at the end also ; but the film would have been better without it .
i guess this was jean rollin 's attempt to be a little original , but it comes off as a ham - fisted attempt at such , rather than a logical continuation of the story .
the cinematography is fairly neat , with lots of the plot taking place in suitably gothic locations .
the girls on board complete what is a pretty picture , and what rollin 's film lacks in logic and consistency , it somewhat makes up for in style .
in the film 's defence , it was made in 1969 ; which somewhat explains the lack of shocks
but i ca n't recommend this movie as it does n't have much about it that is worth taking note of .
baba - rajinikanth will never forget this name in his life .
this is the movie which caused his downfall .
it was released with much hype but crashed badly and laid to severe financial losses for its producers and distributors .
rajinikanth had to personally repay them for the losses incurred .
soon after its release , he tried venturing into politics but failed miserably .
its a very bad movie with horrible acting , bad - quality makeup and pathetic screenplay .
throughout the movie , rajinikanth looks like a person suffering from some disease .
i 'm one of the unfortunate souls who saw baba , first day first show in theatre .
the audiences were so bored that most of them left the theatre before the intermission .
sorry , i 'll not recommend this one to anyone .
this film aka " the four hundred blows " is a mistranslation .
faire les 400 coups " means"to live a wild life .
as a french , i'm stunned when i see the popularity of this good , but by no means outstanding film .
1.it 's not the first film of the " nouvelle vague " move;check agnes varda 's " la pointe courte",(1956)alain resnais 's " hiroshima mon
amour"(1958),claude chabrol 's " le beau serge"(1958 ) are anterior .historically,"les
400 coups " comes after .
2.the " nouvelle vague " was sometimes ponderous and hard on their predecessors :
overnight , julien duvivier , henri - george clouzot , claude autant - lara , yves allégret and a lot of others were doomed to oblivion .
this selfishness and this contempt is typically " nouvelle vague" .
you ' ve never heard ( or read )
the great generation of the thirties ( renoir , carné , grémillon , duvivier already , feyder ) laugh at , say , maurice tourneur or max linder .
so , thanks to truffaut and co , some people will never discover some gems of the french fifties or forties(duvuvier 's " sous le ciel de paris",autant - lara 's " douce",yves
allégret 's " une si jolie petite plage " and " manèges").the novelle vague clique went as far as saying that william wyler , georges stevens and fred zinemann were worthless !
3."les 400 coups " is technically rather disappointing : it 's very academic , the story is as linear as it can be , the teachers are caricatures , and the mother claire maurier delivers such memorable lines as ( you 've got to be a french circa 1960 to understand how ridiculous it is ) :
well , your father 's got only his brevet ( junior school diploma)and , as for me , i 've got only my high school diploma!you've got to know , that circa 1960,hardly 10%of the pupils had the hsd in france !
antoine doinel should have been proud of his mother after all!she wants him to have diplomas , who can blame her ?
4.compared to the innovations of " hiroshima mon amour",which
features a brand new form , and a new " fragmented " content,"les 400 coups " pales into significance .
truffaut will master a new form only with the highly superior " jules and jim " , helped by the incomparable jeanne moreau .
5.the interpretation is rather stiff;jean - pierre léaud , arguably listenable when dubbed in english , is still decent , but he will soon degenerate into the most affected of his generation .
6.the topic = stolen childhood had better days , before ( julien duvivier 's " poil de carotte " , luis bunuel 's " los olvidados " ) and will have after ( maurice pialat 's " l'enfance nue",kenneth loach 's " kes " )
i do not want to demean truffaut , his movie is not bad , but , frankly , french movie buffs , prefer " jules and jim " " l'enfant sauvage " ( a film honest , true and commercially uncompromizing to a fault)"l'argent de poche"(as academic as " 400 coups " but much more funny)or his nice hitchcock pastiche " vivement dimanche " .
when it comes to horror movies , i am more than willing to suspend disbelief , ignore sub - par production values , and overlook plot holes in the interest of a good scare .
this movies simply has no good scares to offer .
it ca n't even be enjoyed as camp .
bad dialogue , bad acting , bad direction , the kills were predictable and poorly staged
, the music was annoying , the camera work was wretched , even the costumes were bad .
i felt really bad for the actors , who were obviously trying , but who had to deal with terrible , contrived dialogue and an obvious lack of direction .
i doubt they got any rehearsal , either .
it 's embarrassing to watch , and so boring than making it through to the contrived " surprise " ending requires tremendous endurance .
it 's quite easily one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
i do n't normally write reviews , but this one was so bad that i felt compelled to warn others .
this movie is a complete waste of time .
if you must watch this movie , do n't miss the " making of"-featurette .
the writer / director seems to be under the impression that making the killer a woman was kind of bold , daring move .
( seen it . )
he and the cast spend half an hour deconstructing this film as if it 's a new - age " citizen kane .
" it 's like listening to a group of third - graders take you behind the scenes of their christmas pageant .
they truly think they 've created something of substance .
it 's sad , really   the only reason i gave this movie a " 2 " is because i think " 1 " should be reserved for true atrocities , like " manos : hands of fate " and " space mutiny . "
so " american nightmare " is n't the worst movie i 've ever seen , but i 'd have to say that it 's somewhere in the bottom fifty .
there may something poetically right in seeing dentists suffer .
suffer they do , in this dreary , truly dreadful film , but they cause the audience to undergo pain of the non - dental variety too .
if you ever wanted to see a movie full of screaming kids , barfing kids , sick kids , lots of long , long meaningful glances , a deadpan wife and a concerned husband : it 's all here for you .
boring , overlong , it stands out as one of those examples that scream out :
is there a saving grace ?
yes , there is .
there is a short scene from nabucco , with some pretty good singing .
save your money , or if it 's on tv or cable , save your time .
you can always read a book or make an omelette .
i will keep this as short as possible as this piece of crap barely warrants a mention .
zombie 90 is one of the worst films ever made - right up there with schnaas ' other horrible zombie entry - zombie doom ( aka violent sh!t 3 ) .
these films suck so bad that everyone involved in their creation should be shot .
i somehow managed ( barely ... ) to sit through zombie doom - but zombie 90 is so horribly inept - even when compared to schnaas ' other horrible film - that i had to fast - forward through everything after the first 10 minutes .
zero acting skills , inept gore , horrible camcorder - style camera - work
, ridiculous dubbing ... it just goes on and on .
i really ca n't find a single thing redeeming about this garbage - and i can usually find something redeeming in just about any film .
this truly is one of the worst films ever made - you 've been warned ... 1/10
this movie is about a young scientist who creates a serum that re - animates the dead .
he first uses it on his brother when he is shot dead in a drive by .
his brother then infects the other gang members .
in some scenes the zombies are seen walking very slowly and in other scenes they run pretty fast which makes little sense .
the acting is mediocre but the story does n't help the film .
the makeup consists of blood on the face of the zombies .
the budget for this film
i 'm sure was very limited .
i believe the film could have been better made had the story been more original and with a better budget .
if you wan't to see a good zombie flick do n't see this one .
i want to start by stating i am a republican , even though i do n't agree with a lot of the things bush has done in office .
and i love the daily show and colbert report .
they have to be two of my favorite shows on tv .
i enjoy the bush jokes on conan , letterman , leno , because i admit that w is not the smartest guy to ever walk
earth(i do believe he 's not the dumbest either . )
but it comes to a point when enough is enough
and it 's not really that funny anymore .
i see where it can be funny
and it is(hey
he 's making fun of our authority figure
he 's hilarious . ) .
comedy central though is just trying to hard to poke fun at him .
i mean maybe one special episode , but an entire series is just dumb .
it seems cc is just saying the same bush jokes that we 've heard way to many times .
i really can not see this show going past 1 season .
the trouble with the book , " memoirs of a geisha " is that it had japanese surfaces but underneath the surfaces it was all an american man 's way of thinking .
reading the book is like watching a magnificent ballet with great music , sets , and costumes yet performed by barnyard animals dressed in those costumesso far from japanese ways of thinking were the characters .
the movie is n't about japan or real geisha .
it is a story about a few american men 's mistaken ideas about japan and geisha filtered through their own ignorance and misconceptions .
so what is this movie if it is n't about japan or geisha ?
is it pure fantasy as so many people have said ?
yes , but then why make it into an american fantasy?there
were so many missed opportunities .
imagine a culture where there are no puritanical hang - ups , no connotations of sin about sex .
sex is natural and normal .
how is sex handled in this movie ?
right .
like it was dirty .
the closest thing to a sex scene in the movie has sayuri wrinkling up her nose and grimacing with distaste for five seconds as if the man trying to mount her had dropped a handful of cockroaches on her crotch .
does anyone actually enjoy sex in this movie ?
nope .
one character is said to be promiscuous but all we see is her pushing away her lover because it looks like she does n't want to get caught doing something dirty .
such typical american puritanism has no place in a movie about japanese geisha .
did sayuri enjoy her first ravishing by some old codger after her cherry was auctioned off ?
nope .
she lies there like a cold slab of meat on a chopping block .
of course she is n't supposed to enjoy it .
and that is what i mean about this movie .
why could n't they have given her something to enjoy ?
why does all the sex have to be sinful and wrong?behind
mameha the chairman was sayuri 's secret patron , and as such he was behind the auction of her virginity .
he could have rigged the auction and won her himself .
nobu did n't even bid .
so why did the chairman let that old codger win her and , reeking of old - man stink , get his fingers all over her naked body ?
would any woman ever really forgive a man for that?let 's
try to make sense of this .
by being behind mameha the chairman incurred debts for sayuri 's geisha training .
in order to recoup his debts the chairman had sayuri sold to dr. crab .
through mameha the chairman sold sayuri 's sexual favors to that old geezer so that the chairman could make some money out of her .
the chairman was n't her patron .
he was her pimp !
some romantic love story .
yes , the film is gorgeous but it is like the beauty of a very attractive , alluring transvestite whose voice , appearance and every touch are thrilling .
but under that very feminine surface lies an ominous secret .
under the incorrectly appearing japanese surface of the film lurks the ominous secret that the heart , soul , spirit and core of this film is entirely american and male .
not the best thing to be if it is trying to be other than a lie , distortion , and terribly wrong .
some contrasts between japan and moag :
japanese style  refined , elegant simplicity .
moag style  peking opera .
japanese geisha  hair swept up .
moag geisha  loose hair which surely must have gotten all gunked up in the thick paste of white makeup .
japanese shaved ice - japanese are rather strict about seasonal observances .
shaved ice is strictly a summer treat .
moag shaved ice - the chairman buys chiyo , the young sayuri played by the marvelous suzuka ohgo , this treat during cherry - blossom - viewing season .
the thought made my entire body shiver with cold .
japanese geisha  trained and skilled entertainers .
moag geisha - sluts .
japanese wind chime - used in the summer because hearing the sound it makes , thanks to the breeze , japanese people feel somehow cooler .
moag wind chime - a door bell !
if a person stood in front of another 's house and made noises with a wind chime they would be considered a lunatic , not gain entrance .
japan  emphasis on human relationships , group oriented .
moag 
" i want a life that 's mine " american individualism .
japanese traditional dance  refined elegance .
an almost geometrical and mechanical precision .
moag dance 
martha graham freaking out on lsd while wearing a not - very - auspicious white japanese funeral shroud .
performed by a geisha down a ramp in a place that looks like a strip club ?
ha ha ha !
is a strip club where they did most of their research on geisha?japan house fire  setting or even letting a fire break out
is worse than murder because it poses such a dire threat to the community .
fires can rip through those wooden villages , towns , and cities destroying hundreds or thousands of homes and killing as many people .
moag house fire - great adjunct to a fight scene
but there are zero ramifications and because it is no longer needed the out - of - control fire miraculously puts itself out .
technically the movie ended here because at the very least sayuri would have been ostracized and joined her sister among those never heard from again .
which is where both arthur golden and rob marshall should be exiled .
enough .
the movie stinks .
dreamgirls , despite its fistful of tony wins in an incredibly weak year on broadway , has never been what one would call a jewel in the crown of stage musicals .
however , that is not to say that in the right cinematic hands it could not be fleshed out and polished into something worthwhile on - screen .
unfortunately , what transfers to the screen is basically a slavishly faithful version of the stage hit with all of its inherent weaknesses intact .
first , the score has never been one of the strong points of this production and the film does not change that factor .
there are lots of songs ( perhaps too many ? ) , but few of them are especially memorable .
the closest any come to catchy tunes are the title song and one night
only - the much acclaimed
and i am telling you that i am not going is less a great song than it is a dramatic set piece for the character of effie ( jennifer hudson ) .
the film is slick and technically well - produced , but the story and characters are surprisingly thin and lacking in any resonance .
there is some interest in the opening moments , watching jamie foxx 's svengali - like manager manipulate his acts to the top , but that takes a back seat in the latter portion of the film , when the story conveniently tries to cast him as a villain , despite his having been right from a business stand - point for a good majority of the film .
beyonce knowles is lovely and sings her songs perfectly well , but is stuck with a character who is basically all surface glitz .
anika noni rose as the third member of the dreamgirls trio literally has nothing to do for the entire film .
eddie murphy acquits himself well as a singer obviously based on james brown , but the role is not especially meaty and ultimately has little impact .
foxx would seem ideal casting , but he seems oddly withdrawn and bored .
the film 's biggest selling point is surely former american idol contestant / oscar winner jennifer hudson in the central role of effie white , the temperamental singer who gets booted from the group and makes a triumphant closing act return .
for me , effie has always been a big problem in both the show and the movie .
the film obviously wants you to feel sorry for her and rather ham - handedly takes her side , but i have never been sure that this character deserves that kind of devotion .
from the start , effie conducts herself for the most part like an obnoxious , egotistical , self - centered diva , who is more interested in what everyone else can do for her rather than having much vested interest in the group of which she is a part .
when she is booted from the group for her unprofessionalism and bad attitude , the charges are more than well - founded , but the stage show / film seem to think effie should be cut unlimited slack simply because she has a great voice .
even though the film tries to soften some of effie 's harder edges to make her more likable , the charges still stand .
her story becomes more manipulative by suggesting she should have our further sympathy because she is an unwed mother struggling to raise her daughter - using the implication that ( much like the talent card )
motherhood immediately makes any behavior excusable .
indeed the only big effort the film makes to show effie 's mothering is to tell us about it and then include a scene where she barks at her daughter in the unemployment office , insists that the girl has " no father " and then refuse to look for gainful employment to support them since singing is all she knows .
in the hands of a skillful actress , the gaps could perhaps have been remedied with technique and charisma .
unfortunately , hudson is not that actress .
she sings well , but the dialog - driven moments do not come naturally to her nor do high emotional moments .
effie 's signature moment ( the aforementioned
and i am telling you ... number )
is well - sung by hudson , but emotionally flat in the acting department .
effie is supposed to expressing her rage and desperation at her predicament , but hudson comes off as a cabaret performer belting out a hot number .
all in all , not quite the emotional highlight one expects .
the latter portion of the film is basically a predictable melange of events that maneuver foxx into hudson 's earlier position and allow her to strut back in and lord it over everyone .
foxx 's criminal offenses in the film are undoubtedly par for the course of many struggling record producers , but the film 's seeming implication that he has it coming because he helped usher in the disco era is
rather ridiculous , not to mention pretentious and condescending , particularly coming from a film with all of the depth of a puddle .
the end result is a faithful rendition of the stage hit , drained of emotion , energy or anything that can be described as dynamic .
i received this movie as a gift , i knew from the dvd cover , this movie are going to be bad .
after not watching it for more than a year i finally watched it .
what a pathetic movie  .i
almost did n't finish watching this bad movie , but it will be unfair of me to write a review without watching the complete movie .
trust me when i say " this movie sucks " i am truly shocked that some bad filmmaker wane bee got even financed to make this pathetic movie , but it could n't have cost more than $ 20 000 to produce this movie .
all you need are a cheap camcorder or a cell phone camera .about
15 people with no acting skills , a scrip that were written by a couple of drunk people .
in the fist part of this ultra bad move a reporter ( tara woodley ) run a suppose to be drunk man over on her way to report on a hunted town .
he are completely unharmed .
they went to a supposed to be abandon house , but luckily for the it almost complete furnished and a bottle of liquor on the door step happens to be there .
just for the supposed to be drunk man but all is not what it seems .
then the supposed drunk man start telling tara ghost / zombies stories .
the fist of his stupid lame stories must be the worst in history.his storysgt .
ben draper let one of his soldiers die of complete exhaustion ( i think this is what happens)after letting the poor soldier private wilson do sit ups
he let him dig a grave
and then the soldier collapse
, ben draperburies him in a shallow grave .
but sgt .
ben draper are in for n big surprise .
his wife / girl fiend knows about this and she and her lover kills sgt .
ben draper to take revenge on private
wilson.(next to the grave of the soldier he sort off
murdered )
the soldier wakes up from his grave in the form of zombie and kill them for taking revenge on his behalf .
the twist ending were so lame .
even if you like b horror movies , do n't watch this movie
irwin allen was great .
all of his tv shows had a great pilot , or first episode .
the rest were basically rip offs of his other shows .
a few episodes of swiss family robinson were rip offs of his older tv shows .
one episode of swiss family is identical to an episode of land of the giants when a member of the party needs an appendix operation .
the show was high budget and too expensive to continue .
irwin lost his touch with tv shows after the 60s .
the acting is strong with martin milner .
child stars got there starts with this show like willie ames and helen hunt .
one bright spot is when irwin allen incorporates his disaster scenes like a typhoon and a volcanic eruption dubbing him the " master of disaster "
this whole film should have lasted 45 minutes - maximum .
although an interesting concept / theme , it really did not develop as a story .
once the initial idea of a brave ( stupid ? )
bomb disposal expert ( cowboy ? ) are introduced , and this happens very early in the film , the rest is repetitious .
characters were not explored , and aspects of the location and politics were ignored .
there was some nice insight into the appalling difficulties faced by troops in such a foreign environment , and the difficulties in differentiating between friend and foe .
but the way in which the unit operated stretched belief !
individual performances were good , and special effects were adequate , but not enough to overcome the basic lack of content .
i see people writing about how great this movie was .
it was horrible !
the acting was sub - par at best .
it made a lot of money because teenage girls went to see the movie 7 times in the theaters because of leonardo .
where the hell did they get the money ?
anyway , i wanted to learn more about the titanic ; why it sank , what was running through a lot of people 's minds ; maybe even a little conspiracy stuff .
does anyone realize that certain people did n't even board the ship because there was a fire on board before it even took off ?
no , you do n't because all you see is a rich girl falling for a poor boy and he paints her naked
( did that corny junk at least tip you off that the movie was stupid?).i did cry in during one scene , though .
the scene when they showed the water that was filling up in the ship .
it looked like pool water !
i 'm thinking this movie made all this money
and they could n't even make the water from the ocean look real ?
unbelievable ...
ohhh the band played on while the ship sank ..
just ridiculous .
this was the worst movie until pearl harbor outdid it in the " nothing to do with reality " department .
i was expecting the movie based on grendel , the book written by john gardner in the late 1970 's .
it was based on the beowulf epic , but told from the perspective of the monster .
whatever you may think of gardner 's book , a movie based on the beowulf epic should not be entitled grendel , when it does n't say anything more about the monster beyond the few pathetic scenes in which the cg monster is shown as nothing more than a modified predator .
on top of this , the writers should also be punished for screwing up the original story so badly and contributing to the continued growing ignorance of mass tv audiences throughout the us.typical hollywood to get this so wrong .
very disappointing and a complete waste of time .
i do n't often give one star reviews , but the computer wo n't let me do negative numbers .
the opening titles tell us we 're in deep water already .
although this is a low budget exploitation film , there are 17 producers credited .
at the beginning of the story abusive husband kenneth comes home to his family in an upscale gated community .
the house is a pigsty .
his wife , della ( kim basinger ) has let the children run amok all day .
we 're already in deep water .
ms. basinger was 55 years old when the film came out .
uh , are these her children or grandchildren ?
it 's christmas eve .
della drives to the mall , a lengthy scene that could have been cut .
to bludgeon home the idea of eeeeeeevil male aggression rampant in the universe she drives past football players in full uniform playing in pouring rain on christmas eve .
sure .
for a bonus she sees a vehicle with a slaughtered deer tied to it .
we get some actual suspense in the driving scenes , though .
it 's raining and traffic is bad .
first we see della try to drive and smoke at the same time .
then later della tries to drive and talk on her cell phone at the same time , at one point turning completely around to check the cluttered back seat for the charger for the phone .
she wanders the mall , sees an old friend from college , tries to buy stuff
but her credit card is declined-
gosh , maybe her husband is grumpy because he 's going broke , but that 's too complicated for the script to follow .
in the parking lot she runs afoul of the most ludicrous gang in the history of films .
one white boy ( lukas hass watching his career go down the toilet ) , one black , one asian , and one hispanic .
imagine a company of up with people gone to the bad
and you 'll have the idea .
although they have a gun she gives them attitude .
a mall cop comes to investigate the ruckus and they shoot him in the head , firing more than once .
the parking lot is crowded as can be , people everywhere , and nobody notices .
della escapes in her car and rather than choosing a police station or well lighted safe area , she drives to a construction site , where she kills all four bad boys one at a time with simply the tools ( literally ) at hand .
major spoiler ahead .
she drives back home .
the car poops out so she walks through the pouring rain .
checks on the children , goes downstairs , and when her husband petulantly asks what she got him at the mall shows him the gun and shoots him at point blank range .
the experience with the four punks was supposed to result in personal empowerment for della .
instead we know that her children will probably spend christmas in foster care or a group home , because the state will collect them while she answers to murder one charges .
the four punks can be classified as justifiable homicide in self defense .
the husband , different story .
so glad i saw this on cable .
if i 'd seen it in a theater ( did it get any release ? )
i 'd have been furious .
as is , i 'm just sad seeing talents like ms. basinger and mr. haas waste themselves on garbage like this .
one very good thing , though .
this was written and directed by susan montford .
ms. montford has not gotten another writing or directing credit since passing this turd .
there is justice in the world .
after 30 seconds , you already realize that there was no real budget for this cheap knock - off .
the story is taken from great movies like " texas chainsaw massacre " and " hills have eyes " .
i like those kind of movies , even if they 're duplicated well ( wrong turn , timber falls , carver ) .
but " side sho " is hard to watch : the actors are really bad , the dialogue is cheesy and the music is stupid and totally misplaced .
you do not care at all what happens to the characters .
the so - called bad guys are also not interesting at all and rather stereotypical .
so how about the blood and gore ?
well there is some , although it is rather cheap and the action is executed very poorly .
2 points , just for the gore and blood but do understand that this is hardly worth a look , even for the gore - hounds ..
the first five minutes of this movie showed potential .
after that , it went straight from something possibly decent to some sort of illegitimate comedy .
the best part is that i could n't stop thinking of supertroopers thanks to joey kern .
i would recommend watching this movie for the sheer fact of learning how not to make a movie .
there are so many scenes in this movie that makes one just stop and wonder if the entire cast and crew just stopped caring at some point .
the thing that amazes me most about this movie is that it grossed $ 22 million in the box office and only cost about $ 1.5 million to make .
congrats to lion 's gate for being able to pull that one off .
spinal tap was funny because if you knew a little about heavy metal , you saw in - jokes all over the place .
if you know anything about porn , this mock documentary will leave you cold .
everything in it rings false .
spinal tap was funny because it took a familiar world and pushed it over the top .
this film is decidedly not funny because it paints a picture of how porn is made that bears no relationship to the real world .
the acting here is uniformly awful , but that would not matter much if the core idea of the movie were good .
but it 's not .
i live in salt lake city
and i 'm not a mormon , so why did i rent this movie ?
well because i live in utah and thought it 'd be nice to see locations i know in a film .
i really knew going into it that i was n't going to get the inside jokes
so i was n't surprised when i sat with the deer in the headlights stare .
what i was surprised at was the ant - non mormon actions that were placed in this film .
i know it 's a mormon film , catered to the members of the lds church , but i found it offensive because of the typical stereotype of people that is n't of their faith .
every non mormon , which was n't many , drank , smoked and had an amazing selfishness attitude , why?that really ticked me off about this film , they made the mormons so pure , yet the rest of the state of utah i guess is filled with punk psychos just because they do n't follow the scriptures of the lds church .
i can understand having the plots revolve around all lds members , but you 'd think salt lake city was 100 % mormon , which is n't even close to being the truth .
and as i said , the non mormons in the movie were portrayed as drunken jerks , please!i guess i just do n't get it because i do n't belong to their faith
and i guess i never will .
filmatography :
excellent , nice camera angles ( i do n't remember seeing a movie of late , with good close - ups , until this one ) .
could have avoided gruesome scenes with a soft camera .
ny is pictured good .
i liked the upside down angles , in particular ( a different touch).music : not impressive .
songs do n't stick around in your mind even after watching the movie .
may be , i expected same quality like " anniyan " .
a disappointment .
actors :
kamal needs to slowly pull away from hard - core action sequences .
his age and belly really show up .
also , he should avoid close romantic sequences going forward .
it was a very awkward to see a mature / aged star still trying to play like a 20 + heroes scenes .
love can be expressed at any age ; as we get older , you still can express love nicely from a distance ( without touching a woman too much .
for example , the love expressed by rajinikanth in " chandrmukhi").jyotika just appears for the namesake in the movie .
not sure why she accepted this .
well , that is not my problem , i guess .
others just have a small presence .
direction :
i expected gautham to excel ( or measure - up ) to his other movie " kakka kakka " .
he disappointmented me .
it took a long time to release the movie due to various issues .
he slips in few scenes .
even abvious things got slipped from a famous director .
overall : just a okay movie .
too much graphics .
definitely not for kids ( and adults who expect some kind of " entertainment").thx
three stooges - have rocket , will travel - 1959
this was the first feature length film to star the stooges and it is pretty bad .
it makes the three stooges go around the world
in a daze ( from 1963 ) look like a masterpiece .
the stooges are janitors at a rocket place .
they climb into a rocket and it goes to venus .
they meet some stuff there including a talking unicorn they call " uni " which they bring back to earth with them .
" uni " speaks like an average , pleasant person - '
oh , hello .
how are you ?
lovely planet here .
hope you like it . '
hilarious .
very few gags and so many of the scenes just go on and on and on .
the stooges arrive back from space and the film is over as far as the story goes , but no one told that to the film makers for the picture continues for another 10 minutes or so at a party where nothing much happens .
the stooges leave the party and then the film is almost over .
high point of the film - the end where the stooges sing a dapper little song about their journey .
the larry and curly joe hit moe in the face with two pies .
brutal .
another writer mentioned the fine musical score .
the only music i even noticed were
two classic tunes - i'll take romance and there goes that song again , both of which are played at the party .
and * that * really is the high point of the picture - music from old columbia films .
the tall sexy blonde was nice .
awful - a brand new vhs video from the 99 cents only store .
nut case is murdering college students , can new teacher stop the madness?!believe me , you wo n't care .
with a title like splatter university , one would immediately gather that this movie just is n't high art .
but worse than that splatter university does n't even qualify for amusing garbage .
splatter u is so poorly made - the story is mindless , the characters are throw - aways , and the whole movie lacks any essence of imagination .
needless to say there is no suspense or atmosphere or scares .
this drivel is n't even brave enough to throw in any nudity ( for the cheapest thrill of all ) .
so all around this endlessly flawed slasher offers nothing in the way of entertainment ( not even cheap laughs ) and just becomes a complete bore .
bottom of the barrel folks - even die hard slasher fans will want to think twice before viewing , let alone paying money for this flick .
bomb out
of * * * *
trying to conceive of something as insipid as the sentinel would be pretty difficult .
the problems are many .
the result is terrible and loaded with plot holes .
michael douglas stars as pete garrison , a secret service agent who " took one " for reagan during the attempt on his life .
years later we find pete assigned to the whitehouse family , mainly as a guard for the first lady ( kim basinger , l.a. confidential ) .
troubles arise as we see pete 's close involvement with the first lady , and a sudden threat against the president himself ( david rasche , united 93 ) .
when pete fails a polygraph test , he 's singled out as a disgruntled agent by investigator david breckinridge
( kiefer sutherland , 24 tv series).as
the presidential assassination plot unfolds , pete finds himself on the run from his own people .
his only confidant is the first lady , and she 's reluctant to tell anyone about their affections for one another ( which is why pete failed the polygraph in the first place ) .
but is pete really innocent ?
or is he simply trying to buy time until he can kill the president ?
if he is innocent , how can he help prevent the assassination attempt while running from the secret service ?
the one , big , overwhelming problem with this film is that there 's no justification for the reason behind the presidential threat .
is n't that what the movie 's supposed to be about ?
one would think so !
but the audience is never let in on why the assassin(s ) want to kill the prez .
someone forget to put that in the script somewhere ?
and what 's with david breckinridge 's ( kiefer 's ) new partner , jill marin
( eva longoria , carlita 's way ) ?
seems that she was put in the film strictly as a piece of a$$-candy .
what was her purpose again ?
did she do anything other than look nice in tight pants and a low - cut blouse?there
are so many problems with the basic premise of the sentinel as to be laughable .
the action is too easily stymied by the " what the ... ? " responses sure to be uttered by those unfortunate enough to watch the movie .
i found this film to be an utter dissapointment .
the talent available to the director-
notably stanley tucci , chris walken , hank azaria and alan arkin (
without even mentioning the four main leads)- have been completely wasted on an unfunny , mediocre story , whose conclusion one could n't really care about once introduced to the dire , stereo - typed characters .
julia roberts is feeble , zeta - jones is just plain annoying ( appearing to reprise her role from high fidelity , minus the humour ) , crystal just plays his same old hyper - active , neurotic , annoying alter - ego and cusack
simply walks through his part , apparently bored with the whole project .
for what is supposed to be a ' romantic comedy ' , there is absolutely no romance between the central characters , let alone chemistry , and as for the comedy-
( possible
spoilers)well , the only moments of mild humour came off the back of cusack 's role in grosse pointe and his relationship with alan
arkin-
the scriptwriter obviously unable to show any originality whatsoever .
( spoilers )
azaria was reasonably amusing as the mexican lover and walken did quite an amusing turn as a parody of an arthouse - maverick - dogme type director-
but these parts constituted very little screen time and instead ( spoilers )
we were treated to billy crystal having his groin sniffed by a dog .
pure genius .
for a huge fan of the majority of john cusack 's work , not to mention the rest of the fantastic cast , i was completely let down by a film with plenty of good ideas , and at the same time completely unwilling to explore or elaborate on any of them , instead resorting to the same old genre cliches and even lowering itself to the depths of almost ' gross - out , teen - movie ' humour at times .
a very poor 4/10 .
i tried to like this slasher , like i try to enjoy all slasher films .
i mean mindless slaying mixed with a little nudity and some suspense , how can you go wrong .
but unhinged i think is an example of that formula going wrong .
the main issue is the horrible acting of the main three girls that landed up in the house .
it was as if they were under sedation , and it stopped me from ever getting interested in their plight .
the film aims for suspense and creepiness but the by the numbers direction saps it of those , and leaves the movie pretty dull .
it 's a shame , because if the movie was better executed , it would have have been ace .
the story and characters are pretty creepy
and there are some dark and bizarrely humorous moments of interaction between the mother , the girls , and the daughter in the old house .
there 's some good nudity , and occasional splashy bloodletting , just not enough to give the film the kick it needed .
the finale is pretty twisted and fearsome , and does give the film a big lift but sadly , its too little too late .
so , in my opinion , one to avoid , unless you really love obscure slasher films .
there 's a fair amount of potential , but the film delivers too little to be worthwhile .
pay no attention to the comments behind the curtain !
the majority of people leaving positive comments about this film must be receiving royalties .
this is a horrible film in every way .
imagine high school kids with no money and no sense of humor making a slasher / comedy video .
they would receive a d for this .
college kids would receive an f or asked to leave the school .
since this monstrosity was made by " professionals "
i believe there should be jail time or at least cinema probation .
i enjoy watching bad movies like " plan 9 from outer space "
but , this thing does n't even fall into that category .
the script , acting , sound , and directing are so bad that it is virtually unwatchable .
if you enjoy watching bad films that are amusing stick with ed wood , blaxploitation , or 1970 's horror films .
after viewing this you get the feeling you 've wasted an hour and a half of your life .
this is one of the worst movies i 've seen in a long time .
the story was boring , the dialogue was atrocious and the acting hammy .
i 'm not sure if this movie was the result of a film school homework project , but it certainly played like one .
it is not even particularly successful in its central conceit of trying to appear as a single continuous take .
the whooshing horizontal camera pans are a cheap and unoriginal way of hiding cuts .
i could not believe how awful this film was ;
i rarely watch commercial tv , but thought " well , diane keaton is always worth watching " .
i stand corrected .
everyone involved should be hanging their heads in shame .
i realize there are not a lot of great roles for women of a certain age , but the script to this was so inept , clichéd and baffling that i am surprised it ever got into development or that ms. keaton thought she could make a silk purse out of this sow 's ear .
none of the characters had a shred of believability and were so incredibly unlikeable .
the acting looked like exercises in a beginning class - i stared in open - mouthed horror through most of this wondering " what were they thinking ? " .
very , very sad that it has come to this .
do n't waste your time .
i purchased this movie on blu - ray because it promised great visuals and music .
i was also a great fan of a similar movie ...
baraka .
the movie is very much styled after baraka , wide angles , very similar shots with cameras set to capture long time passage in each shot .
even some of the scenes were identical ( the street with traffic ) .
whereas baraka told a great story , juxtaposing nature , man - made environments , spirituality , and horrors of the world in an engrossing fashion and great music , this movie just jumped from shot to shot with no encompassing story , mediocre musical score , and then ....
poof , it 's finished !
i thought there must be some sort of mistake !
history of the world ?
half the movie is egypt and landscape ( looks like arizona , but i did n't bother to check ) .
seriously folks , this is horrible , rent it if you must , but do not buy it .
the filmmakers should be ashamed of themselves for putting this out .
there are some elements that save this movie from being a total catastrophe , but are overshadowed with bad acting , plot holes , deus ex machina thrown ins , stupid dialogs , weak script , and predictable clichés ...
what we have here is a horror movie with a storyline that goes nowhere for most of the time .
a group of unlikely heroes including a black guy that gets it first ( yeah ,
that cliché seems to be still very much alive even in finland ) , seem to have trouble trying to exit a mysteriously empty hospital .
there are shrieking ghosts ( very imaginative ) , zombies ( at one point i thought at least they did n't use zombies , but they came ) , and finnish glam - rock band with demonic make - up on , getting in their way .
there is also some time - shift doodle present , but it adds up nothing to the storyline .
autistic girl and a hobo seem to have some deeper understanding of a situation , but they never spell it out to the viewer , or their confused friends .
their lines consist only of profound life lesson thoughts like : " what happens will happen ... " or " light ca n't live in the darkness ... " or the ominous " i need a red crayon ...
red crayon . "
so all this characters ( including worried father and sweet doctor in distress types ) end up doing is running around them dark floors , and from or mistakenly to the demons .
occasionally a ghost or a group of zombies show up , and if it seems a demon keyboardist ca n't spot a group of six people coming towards it , waving a flashlight and conversing , it was just pretending .
and apparently this demon can break through walls without much hassle , but opening elevator door is beyond its capabilities .
in the end we even get a " it was all a dream " sequence twist .
or maybe it was n't .
oh , boy i wish this movie was , and that kind that makes time seem to move faster
so it all plays out in just 10 minutes or so ...
" show me your boobies ! " is not funny , and certainly not on a channel that shows cartoons if you understand where i 'm coming from .
i do n't want my 6 and 7 years old daughters thinking like that or hearing that .
i find it sad that nick hyped this crap that much
and then that 's what we get , stupid little kids acting like stupid adults .
i know it 's meant to be humorous but consider we out there that have sweet little innocent girls in k and 1st grade who ca n't wait to see this .
i had to comment on how disappointed i was when i saw it .
my daughters wo n't be watching it .
i 'd love to block nick but do n't have the heart at this point
but if nick keeps putting out this kind of crap
i 'll have to .
i remember when this was in theaters , reviews said it was horrible .
well , i did n't think it was that bad .
it was amusing and had a lot of tongue - in - cheek humor concerning families around holiday time .
ben affleck is a rich guy who needs to find a family for christmas to please his girlfriend .
he goes to visit the house he grew up in and strikes a deal to rent the family there for christmas .
i really liked the lawyer scene where they sign a contract .
that was funny .
so , he makes silly requests of the family and even writes scripts for them to read .
of course , the family has a hot daughter for the love interest .
and he learns that the holidays are n't so bad after all .
also , the whole doo - dah act was funny , especially when they replaced the first one with a black guy , and the girlfriends 's parents did n't even say anything about it .
and the parts where doo - dah is hitting on his " supposed daughter . "
final verdict :
i thought it 's worth checking out if you catch it on cable .
unhinged follows the typical plot of the early 80 's slasher trend .
pretty young girls
in peril .
i have to give it up for the filmmaker who used a helicopter for some of the early road - trip shots , you actually think for a second there 's going to be quality in the production .
watching " unhinged " was like seeing an amateur acting class go through it 's warm - up .
some of the most awkward , badly lit , overlong scenes are played out with the gusto of a valium overdose .
i wondered why they did n't just put the cue - cards on camera so the actresses would n't have to constantly shift their gaze .
the two main girls were obviously chosen for their t&a factor rather than talent .
laurel munson as the main chick terry is as exciting as watching paint dry .
two nude scenes make for an adolescent thrill .
janet penner and virginia settle as the crazy / creepy daughter and mother
the chicks find themselves stranded with compete for worst
acting ever .
long pauses , weird expressions , emphasis on the wrong word , it 's all there and is a delight for those of us out there who love bad films .
the scenes shift suddenly with long black - outs you could drive a mack truck through .
cartoon lightning crashes across shots without even bothering to show the sky .
eighties eyeshadow assaults the viewer .
but ya know , it grew on me .
i felt sorry for it .
i wanted to hug it , kiss it 's boo - boos and make it better .
the ending does n't make up for the damage it 's caused
but i grinned anyway .
i have my own theories regarding the whole " banned " hype and hope that anyone who chooses to view this film does so with substantial substance abuse and a sense of humor .
otherwise pass .
i , like many people , saw this film in the theatre when it first came out in ' 97 .
it was a below average film at best , defiantly not the " masterpiece " that all these " titanic " fanboys like to make it out as .
first off , dicaprio is a terrible actor no matter which way you look at it .
people just like him because of his looks .
his acting " skills " essentially consist of saying a lot of cheesy lines and trying to act sexy .
second , the film itself had a rather boring and simple plot : girl falls in love with guy , ship they 're on sinks , lots of crappy love scenes thereafter .
anyone with an iq above 50 will realize this is n't ingenious in any way whatsoever .
nor is it original .
plus the director felt the need to drag it out for 3 + hours .
i could compress it into a 1 hour block without losing any of the plot .
in conclusion , " titanic " is the most overrated movie to date .
why it got so much attention and money is beyond me .
perhaps one of the most overrated so - called horror classics ever made , halloween does feature the memorable michael myers and some great acting by jamie lee curtis .
however , its rewatchability factor is very close to zero , as there is an unforgivable amount of time spent on dullness / culmination to the actual events .
this is the sort of movie you can walk away from to microwave popcorn and not miss anything at all .
how it spawned so many sequels , i will never comprehend .
thank god rob zombie is remaking this .
and generally , i hate remakes .
surely he will more than compensate for all the random time - filling gaps with some quirky points of interest that the original severely lacks .
this is a movie we feel we have to like , much like the way we 're taught that we should enjoy
dickens . don't assume this is a classic .
in this movie , joe pesci slams dunks a basketball .
joe pesci ... and being consistent , the rest of the script is equally not
believable.pesci is a funny guy , which saves this film from sinking int the absolute back of the cellar , but the other roles were pretty bad .
the father was a greedy businessman who valued money more than people , which was n't even well - played .
instead of the man being an archetypal villain , he seemed more like an amoral android programmed to make money at all costs .
then there 's the token piece that is assigned to pesci as a girlfriend or something ...
i do n't even remember ...
she was that forgettable.anyone who rates this movie above a 5 or 6 is a paid member of some sort of film studio trying to up the reputation of this sunken film , or at least one of those millions of media minions who ca n't critique efficiently ( you know , the people who feel bad if they give anything a mark below 6).stay away ... far away .
and shame on comedy central , where i saw this film .
they usually pick better .
with nothing better to do i decided to check out " aztec rex " ( as it was being billed ) for the hell of it .
the silly story might have played better if the dinosaur effects were convincing .
they actually looked like animatics ( those rough designs that artists later use to finish the cgi effects , adding more details , smoother movements , etc . )
absolutely awful - looking dinosaurs , which is the only reason you 'd probably want to sit through this anyway .
the one redeeming factor was the lovely dichen lachman as ayacoatl .
she kept my interest ; if only the budget had been ramped up and some convincing dinosaurs could have been used .
disappointing .
at least the cast and crew got a free trip to hawaii , where the movie was filmed .
for me , this movie just seemed to fall on its face .
the main problem for me was the casting of glover as a serial killer .
i do n't know whether this grows out of type - casting or simply his demeanor , but i doubt glover could ever portray a convincing villain .
he 's a good guy , and that 's always obvious in his performances .
other than that the film is your run of the mill serial killer story .
nothing very innovative .
here 's one you can watch with a straight face , with a script so bad , even will ferrell would n't be in it .
there are two laughs in hot rod.1 .
the punch - dance .
rod " needs to go to his quiet place " and before anyone can say kevin bacon , he is footloosing a passionate , overwrought bodyswerve to the strains of a band who wishes they had the big - hair faux - metal chops of europe.2 .
john farnham 's you 're the voice .
in one of those epic sequences where the star and his cohorts do the slomo walk down main street and the townfolk follow on their heels in support , the soundtrack is the gag .
how did the film - makers even come across this aussie recording artist ?
a major australian vocalist ( and a genuine talent ) who shot to fame in the early ' 70s covering raindrops
keep fallin '
on my head , then disappeared until 1986 for the big comeback with you 're the voice , john farnham 's anthem is so bewitchingly cheesy , it leveled mountains in switzerland .
besides these two high points in the film - both ruined anyway with the slipshod writing - the rest of the film is like choking on someone else 's vomit .
andy samberg is rod , a failed stunt jumper who has never made a jump .
maybe it 's got something to do with the fact he 's driving a moped into the heart of darkness .
or his fake mustache .
yeh , someone actually thought that was funny .
without one jump under his starry belt , he plans for a 15-bus extravaganza - which would surely kill a lesser bad comedian , like jason biggs or rob schneider - to win the day and save his stepfather and simultaneously wipe out cancer and whatever ... who watches these movies for plot anyway ?
along the way ( as usual for moronic leads in these comedies ) , he scores a salubrious chick ( isla fisher ) , who must surely be retarded to consider swapping chromosomes with this loser .
sissy spacek ( carrie , 1976 ) has so little to do she almost phoned in her performance - then changed her mind and just hung up .
ian mcshane must 've lost a bet to be here .
the first half hour or so of this movie i liked .
the obvious budding romance between ingrid bergman and mel ferrer was cute to watch
and i wanted to see the inevitable happen between them .
however , once the action switched to the home of ingrid 's fiancé , it all completely fell apart .
instead of romance and charm , we see some excruciatingly dopey parallel characters emerge who ruin the film .
the fiancé 's boorish son and the military attaché 's vying for the maid 's attention
looked stupid -- sort of like a subplot from an old love boat episode .
how the charm and elegance of the first portion of the film can give way to dopiness is beyond me .
this film is an obvious attempt by renoir to recapture the success he had with the rules of the game , as the movie is very similar once the action switches to the country estate ( just as in the other film ) .
i was not a huge fan of the rules of the game , but elena and her men had me appreciating the artistry and nuances of the original film .
in what seemed like the longest 1hour 35 i 've had to endure in a long time , al pacino delivers an accurate performace to be sure .
not his usual typecasting , which was nice .
but his character was just truely pathetic .
someone to pitty as he stumbles around forgetting appointments as we realise that the hollywood social life has drained him of his life energy .
but in this movie we needed someone to like .
and for some reason , every character in the picture said " i do n't know why i like you , eli " to al pacino 's chracter
and i could n't even come close to liking him .
all the other actors played their usual styles .
tea leoni , richard schiff , and bill nunn did nothing to change their established personas developed on tv or in earlier films .
and kim basinger was n't even in the film long enough to deliver a performance of any kind .
the movie 's story had no momentum .
most scenes never driving the story forward , but rather just collecting factoids about characters which later came into play in an anti - climactic ending .
it had potential except for their unwillingness to build upon the story .
whats the point of the film ?
daniel algrant and jon robin baitz would have you believe " once hollywood has you , you ca n't get out .
yeah right !
and that 's why so many people get fired in hollywood .
the comedic might of pryor and gleason could n't save this dog from the tissue - thin plot , weak script , dismal acting , and laughable continuity in editing this mess together .
it has a very few memorable moments , but the well dries up quickly .
as a kid i remember this as a luke - warm vehicle for the two actor - comedians , but there was always something strange about the flow and feeling of what was being conveyed in each scene and how this ties to the plot overall .
watching it again after many years , it screams schlock - a - mania .
i 'm not so concerned with the racial controversy , as i would n't mind seeing a movie take that issue on with a little levity .
the most obvious fault to me is that the scenes are laid out like a jumbled , non - related series of 2 minute situation comedy bits ( any not very good ones at that ) , that were stapled together by the editor after an all - nighter at the local watering hole .
characters change feelings and motivations on a dime , without rhyme nor reason , between scenes and within scenes , making this feel as though no one had any idea of what to get out of the screenplay .
not that it was any gem to start with .
i feel bad for the two actors whose legacy is marred by this disaster that should never have been made .
maybe my sense of humor has become too refined ...
i doubt this will ever even be a cult film .
i loved gram parsons to be sure and i did not expect much out of this film and got even less .
what could have been clever and moving was campy .
it was devoid of the music that made gram and had more filler than cheap dog food .
there was no background on gram or the colorful people of that era .
the characters shown were not familiar to me even as a fan of gram 's and all the versions of his " afterlife adventures " i have heard .
rock and roll is full of tales , good ones too but they should taken with a grain of salt .
they can be great stories even though exaggerated .
however , this movie took a good story and turned into tripe .
stealing any dead body and the ensuing implications should never be a dull tale but they made it dull , somehow .
i am tempted to steal every copy of grand theft parsons , head out to the desert and burn them all .
ok , it 's very rare that i complain something i got for free .
so i guess this movie pushed me over that limit .
i saw it at the hollywood cemetery for free and walked away very very disappointed .
one audience member 's question to the director about using the native american references just as " bookends " instead of being weaved into the movie better , basically says everything that this movie failed on .
native american references---
the native american references felt really out of place and contrived .
it 's obvious that this director and writer tried tackling an arena they never played in before .
they should have stuck to the old adage of " write about something you know " .
if they are in fact versed in this it certainly did not show on the movie or the beauty of this unique culture was not given proper justice .
clichés and on the nose--- i agreed to see this film on the basis that it was an indie .
so i held it to higher expectations . "
little miss sunshine " was an indie and saw it before it became so popular .
before it even came out to wide release
i was already raving how it 's going to be a hit .
unfortunately
i could not say the same about " expiration date " .
" sunshine " took us to cliché incidents but the filmmakers were so clever at their approach that the outcome would take us to a different direction avoiding the trap of being a " cliche " .
this movie on the other hand had no way of not falling in the trap because it was already trapped from the start .
the psycho mom 's antics , the hendrix couple , etc .
i hate to say it , but the best and worst movie i 've seen this year were both indies .
little miss sunshine " being the best and this movie being the worst .
i wish i could say otherwise .
but i do congratulate the filmmakers for having such a good turn out from their family members at the cemetery .
as a huge fan of only the first 2 seasons of bsg and the stand alone feature bsg razor
i was hoping that this release would return the franchise to its original glory days .
usually i have no problem with science fiction that is mostly dialog driven as opposed to a visual bonanza of special effects .
if the script is tight with some original ideas delivered by good actors one can create a profound film with little cgi money spent .
this prequel has none of those aforementioned requirements going for it .
the virtual reality world created by the terrorist teenagers was both ridiculous & unbelievable .
this scene was simply put there to raise the release rating to restricted .
not that teens do n't love virtual reality mosh pits filled with sex & violence & heavy dance music .
its the part about those same teens having the intellectual depth & reason or political & religious passion as to create such futuristic software or become suicide bombers that perplexes me .
these kids are definitely not from this planet .
the movie plays out like a soap opera with only the last 10 minutes being slightly interesting .
the scene with eric stolz giving his cyborg a devine conscienceness via the student firmware upgrade was amusing if not entertaining .
but this old concept was far better portrayed & much more believable in the brilliant , classic original " frankenstein " with boris karloff .
caprica rips off its only interesting idea from an old hollywood horror film .
no surprise there !
overall this movie was bland & unoriginal & cheap looking , using recycled cgi of caprica from bsg .
i doubt i 'll be watching this space soap when it premieres on the sci - fi channel .
unless of course i happen to be suffering from a bad bout of insomnia at which time this show would definitely be the cure .
zzzzzzzz
the worlds largest inside joke .
the world 's largest , most exclusive inside joke .
emulating the brash and ' everyman ' humor of office space , this film drives the appeal of this film into the ground by making the humor such that it would only be properly appreciated by legal secretaries writing books .
the audience is asked to assume the unfamiliar role of a legal secretary , and then empathize with the excruciatingly dumb protagonist .
the entire film is centered on the legal secretary finding free time , listening to music and writing a novel while working .
these are his goals .
you ca n't imagine the slap in the face it is to the audience when ( around halfway through ) they find out he has had a job which fit all three of those criteria , but then gives it up !
the director and screenwriter ( jacob kornbluth and josh kornbluth ) completely remove the audience 's motivation to empathize or even find entertaining a protagonist that has previously thrown away that which he is complaining about the lack thereof .
apart from that major stumbling block , the legal secretary insider humor fails because they must be explained explicitly to the audience each time they happen .
without these asides , the audience would n't have noticed anything particularly strange .
humor is only effective if it does n't need to be thoroughly explained to the audience what is funny .
i had high hopes for this film , since it has charlton heston and jack palance .
but those hopes came crashing to earth in the first 20 minutes or so .
palance was ridiculous .
not even heston 's acting or annabel schofield 's beauty ( or brief nude scenes ) could save this film .
some of the space effects were quite good , but others were cheesy .
the plot was ludicrous .
even sci - fi fans should skip this one .
grade f
you ca n't really go far when the initial story is n't all that great .
the premise of cyborg 's needing blood is just dopey .
the script is blasé ' .
the actors do n't have much to work with .
the sets were staged out in the desert to cut costs .
it 's a trademark that if the background is the desert , then the movie has no budget .
lack of budget is okay , if there 's a story .
" solarbabies " and " blood of champions " are examples of decent work from no $ .
but this movie looks as if they had to scrape their change together just to buy the cameraman a sandwich .
again , forgivable if only the story did n't just plain suck .
finally , this movie commits the biggest crime of all : it does n't finish !
it simply ends as if it 's a commercial break away from the rest of the movie .
but the rest never comes .
just odd .
just bad .
i 'm in iraq right now doing a job that gives plenty of time for watching movies .
we also have access to plenty of pirated movies , this gem came along with 11 other movies , and this is easily the worst i 've seen in a long time .
i 've seen a few other reviews that claim this movie does n't take itself too seriously , but really , i think that 's a cover up for the fact that its horrible .
it 's not tongue in cheek , the writers really thought they were improving on the movie blade .
this movie is just one notch above vampire assassin , which if you have n't seen , i recommend .
at least that movie is so unbelievably bad that you 'll laugh harder than you thought possible .
this is right at that cusp of no redeeming qualities what so ever .
from the bad acting , to cliché visual ( ie opening credits ) , to the adobe premier special effects .
they could n't even get blanks for the guns , which may have to do with where the movie was filmed , but if you 're going to use effects , make them close to accurate .
as for the cast , it seems like they just went to a tae bo class and picked up the first not to ugly chick that walked out .
once again , like ron hall in vampire assassin , do n't let stunt folk act , they ca n't .
also , the comment about this being a " return of old vampire movies" ... no , it 's not .
this is exactly what all new vampire movies are about .
buffy the vampire slayer , blade , underworld , they 're all about some super star fighting the vampires .
this is the newest vampire genre , with bad blood , fake screams , and cheesy over acting .
obviously anyone who wrote a good review about this is somehow connected to the movie , or friends of the cast .
but what do i care , i paid 33 cents for it .
anyway , to wrap this up , someone in their first semester of film school decided to make a movie , i give them credit because it 's better than i could do .
of course i also know i ca n't make movies
so i do n't try .
i do know how to watch movies though .
i work 12 hour nights , 6 days a week , i 've seen several thousand in the year i 've been out here
and this was so bad that half way through i was hoping for a mortar attack .
from the pen of richard condon ( the manchurian candidate 1962 ) comes this muddled tale of political intrigue and assassination .
the story , told in almost comic book fashion is difficult to swallow .
all - star cast considered , this poor effort is not entirely the fault of the cast and crew : the novel was replete with the same short - comings .
it seems as though at times the story is actually mocking the more sincere effort put forth in " manchurian candidate . "
a disappointment on all counts .
i saw this movie the other night .
i ca n't even begin to express how much this movie sucked .
the writing , the voice acting , even the claymation .
terrible , terrible , terrible .
it 's like watching 24 hours of c - span for the sake of comedy .
it just does n't work .
it literally falls flat at about every spot possible .
also , the movie 's animation is very poor quality .
i know that this is an movie made by one person , but to think that he could make 97 minutes worth of crap , maybe he could at least make 1 second worth of funny .
this show may take the cake for being the worst film of all time .
yikes .
it really was that bad .
if you 're looking for a movie that will make you laugh , steer clear from this abomination .
my advice : do n't even buy it , or look it up for that matter .
your brain will than you .
' iedereen beroemd ' has everything we can expect from a straight to video - movie .
it 's the story about a man who believes his daughter could be a star .
the only thing he needs is to get her on stage , surrounded by cameras and reporters .
a simple plan for which he has to kidnap and do some blackmail .
the problem with the movie is not the basic plot , but how it is made .
everything is supposed to be funny , but it is n't .
it is trivial and clumsy , the characters are shallow , and the end - sequence is totally without climax or emotion .
the last sequence is probably the only scene where you feel like laughing , but only at how pathetic the whole set - up is .
i do n't believe there has ever been a more evil or wicked television program to air in the united states as the 700 club .
they are today 's equivalent to the ku klux klan of the 20th century .
their hatred of all that is good and sweet and human and pure is beyond all ability to understand .
their daily constant attacks upon millions and millions of americans , as well as billions of humans the world over , who do n't happen to share their bigoted , cruel , monstrous , and utterly insane view of humanity is beyond anything television has ever seen .
the lies they spout and the ridiculous lies they try to pass off as truth , such as the idea of " life after death " or " god " or " sin " or " the devil " is so preposterous that they actually seem mentally ill , so lost are they in their fantasy .
sane people know that religion is a drug and should n't let themselves get addicted to that type of fantasy .
however , the 700 club is in a class by itself .
they are truly a cult .
while i believe in freedom of speech , they way they spread hatred , lies , disinformation , and such fantastic ideas is beyond all limits .
i hope that one day the american psychiatric association will finally take up the study of those people who delude themselves in this way , people who let themselves sink so deeply into the fantasy land of religion that they no longer have any real concept of reality at all .
treatment for such afflicted individuals is sorely needed in this country , as so many people have completely lost their minds to the fantasy of religion .
the 700 club though , is even more horrible as it rises to the legal definition of ' cult ' but due to
the 700 club 's vast wealth ( conned daily from the millions of americans locked in their deceitful grip ) they are above the law in this country .
for those of you who have seen the movie " the matrix " you know that movie was a metaphor for religion on earth : the evil ones who are at the top of each of the religions who drain the ones they have trapped and cruelly abuse for their own selfish purposes , and those millions who are held in a death sleep and slowly being drained of their life force represent those many people who belong to religions and who have lost all ability to perceive what is really going on around them .
in less civil times , the good townsfolk would have run such monsters as those associated with the 700 club out of town with torches and pitchforks .
but in today 's world where people have lost all choice in their choices of television that is presented to them , we have no way to rid ourselves of the 700 club plague .
the television ratings system and the " v " chip on tv 's should also have a rating called " r " for religion , so that rational people and concerned parents could easily screen such vile intellectual and brutal emotional rape , such as presented by the 700 club every day all over our country , from themselves and their children .
no matter how well meaning his " message " is - this film is a terribly made trainwreck - awful acting , lame camera work - i do not know why carr agreed to try and pull off a stutter - he is lousy at it .
you watch the extras on the dvd and the way he has a camera follow him around - he just soaks it up -
he loves being the center of attention .
he is a bad actor - he reminds me of another arrogant filmmaker - eric schaffer .
some how carr has had this film shown at city youth centers and new age churches - where damaged people looking for reinforcement and attention themselves babble on about how the film touched them
and maybe it did -
but as a film itself it is choppy , predictable and sappy .
this movie is a modest effort by spike lee .
he is capable of much more than this movie .
get on the bus while apparenly anti racist , does nothing but berate whites and degrade the black status quo .
the plot of this movie is about a group of black men who travel on a bus to louis farrakhan 's million man march .
the bus has every type of person you could imagine : gay , muslim , gangbanger and the uncle tom(he is thrown off the bus though ) .
there was one only white person on the bus .
he was accused of being a racist the minute he got on the bus to drive .
despite him being a jew and the fact that he explained is situation he ended up being a racist and leaving the bus .
i hate to say it but films like this need to realize their own hipocracy and rienforcation of steryotypes .
this should not be seen as a triumph but a sad dissapointment .
you may think i am a racist for writing this
but i mean well .
better luck next time
spike .
last weekend i bought this ' zombie movie ' from the bargain bin and watched it with some friends thinking it was going to be a budget version of " land of the dead" .
boy , was i wrong .
it seems as if they spent a good portion of their budget on the cover - art , which is very misleading to fans of the zombie genre .
we watched up to the point where the zombie chicks come alive and get in the car with some yuppie who is out in the middle of nowhere talking business on a cell - phone .
they actually speak to the guy before one of the girls kills him ; but once they started driving the car , i could n't suspend my disbelief anymore .
some people actually consider this a " so bad , it 's good " movie , they are liars .
i did n't finish the movie , but one of the other reviews mention that they actually somehow become police officers at the end of the movie , which makes me glad to not have watched it all the way through .
this is even worse than " zombiez " do not watch !
this is a truly awful " b " movie .
it is witless and often embarrassing .
the plot , the basic " making into show business " routine , is almost nonexistent .
in fact , the film is merely an excuse to push the war effort and highlight some popular music groups of 1942 , including the mills brothers , count basie , duke ellington , bob crosby , and freddy slack .
each group gets about the standard three minutes , the exception being the mills brothers , who for some reason warranted two numbers .
ann miller does n't get to dance until the last couple of minutes of the film , and she has little to do but strut her stuff amid a barrage of patriotic propaganda .
the most interesting moment in the film , in my view , occurred in the duke ellington segment .
the band appears to be playing in a train , standing in awkward positions .
( in the deep south at the time , the band was segregated in railroad cars when traveling . )
johnny hodges is seen next to duke , and harry carney may also be identified .
in the last moments of the film , trumpeter / violinist ray nance rushes down the aisle to the camera and does an " uncle tom , " bugging his eyes and wiggling his head the way willy best did in many films .
for modern viewers , especially jazz fans , this homage to segregation is sad indeed .
some movies go best unseen .
i 've never really considered myself much of " student " when it comes to watching films , i watch them , form an opinion
and that 's it .
but unhinged changed all this .
this film is without a doubt the most inept attempt at film making i 've ever seen .
every kid who rocks up at university thinking they 're gon na be the next spielberg or tarantino needs to be handed this film with a handbook titled " how not to make a film " .
not only is there no story to be had , the film makers were n't even competent enough to make a film worth watching .
it 's been a while since i saw it , but all i can say is watch the overhead tracking shots in the opening scenes .
they are never ending !
it 's almost like having your teeth pulled , only not as much fun .
seriously , the fact that this show is so popular just boggles the mind .
this show is n't funny , it is n't clever , it is n't original , it 's just a steaming pile of bull crap .
let me start with the characters .
the characters are all one - dimensional morons with loud , exaggerated voices that just sound like fingernails on a blackboard .
the voice acting could 've been better .
then there 's the animation .
my god , it hurts my eyes just looking at it .
everything is too flat , too pointy , too bright , and too candy coated .
then there 's the humor , or lack thereof .
it 's completely idiotic !
they just take these b - grade jokes that are n't even that funny in the first place and then repeat them to death .
they also throw in some pointless potty humor which sickens me .
and finally , last and least , the music .
it 's just plain annoying .
it sounds like it was composed on a child 's computer and generates no emotion whatsoever .
i wish there was a score lower than 1 , i really do .
this show seriously needs to be canceled .
it 's a show i try to avoid like the plague .
whenever i hear the theme song i immediately turn the tv off .
if you 've never watched this show then do n't .
watch quality programming like the simpsons or futurama .
unbelievably awful film .
i watched part of this on t.v. recently .
my jaw dropped as i watched a horrendously conceived plot and listened to mind - numbing drivel .
not a single line from the master of one - liners could come close to producing anything resembling a chuckle .
it was so bad it made me want to exhume rodney dangerfield 's body , slap him around and scream , "
how could you ?
" i know many films are done in haste , hoping to cash in on the popularity of a given actor or theme .
but please , hollywood , show a little respect for your audience .
it 's sad and scary that people were expected to pay to see such tripe .
the bottom of the cesspool , even by sunday afternoon television standards .
the derek 's have over the 1980s produced a few decent bids to acquire the title " worst movie of all time " , and this is probably their prime achievement in these stakes .
in fact , this film can be regarded as belonging to the " so bad , it 's good " category , right up there with the products of the likes of edward wood jr. or doris wishman .
this explains the imdb voting pattern for this film with some people handing out top marks .
anthony quinn made the odd dodgy film in his time , but this performance as a randy ghost is so incredibly bad , it has to be seen to be believed .
pretty terrible stuff .
the richard burton / elizabeth taylor roadshow lands in sardinia and hooks up with arty director joseph losey for this remarkably ill - conceived tennessee williams fiasco .
taylor plays a rich , dying widow holding fort over her minions on an island where she dictates , very loudly , her memoirs to an incredibly patient secretary .
when scoundrel burton shows up claiming to be a poet and old friend , taylor realizes her time is up .
ludicrious in the extreme --- it 's difficult to determine if taylor and burton are acting badly
or if it was williams ' intention to make their characters so unappealing .
if that 's the case , then the acting is brilliant !
burton mumbles his lines , including the word boom several times , while taylor screeches her 's .
she 's really awful .
so is noel coward as taylor 's catty confidante , the " witch of capri . "
presumably boom is about how fleeting time is and how fast life moves along --- two standard williams themes , but it 's so misdirected by losey , that had taylor and burton not spelled it out for the audience during their mostly inane monologues , any substance the film has would have been completely diluted .
boom does have stunning photography --- the camera would have to have been out of focus to screw up the beauty of sardinia !
the supporting cast features joanna shimkus , the great romolo valli as taylor 's resourceful doctor and michael dunn as her nasty dwarf security guard ...
both he and his dogs do a number on burton !
universal 's answer to " the exorcist " is n't a very good one .
unfortunately , the film offers bland , unimaginative direction from michael winner who wastes an outstanding cast with a screenplay massing crater - sized plot - holes .
not to mention , it 's unbearably silly never explaining certain key elements within the story .
model cristina raines moves into a high - rise owned by the catholic church with a creepy , blind priest john carradine , who holes up in there always at the window .
she begins to suffer faint spells and nausea .
what 's worse is tenants she meets in the building such as burgess meredith(with
a cat and a canary!)and a young beverly d'angelo as a lesbian .
ava gardner(looking great at 55)is the realtor who showed raines the place .
cristina 's lover is chris sarandon , whose wife " committed suicide " after finding out they were having an affair .
josé ferrer has a small role as the " priest of the brotherhood " who informs monsignor arthur kennedy to be careful as he heads to the very high - rise
not only housing carradine but raines as well .
sarandon sends a hired - hand up to the high - rise one night to check out a certain room above cristina 's apartment where she heard metallic clanging and other loud racket .
he winds up dead the very same night
cristina " kills " her dead father in a nightmare .
screaming mad on the street , cristina does indeed have blood on her which leads police detective eli wallach and partner christopher walken to investigate them with sure certainty that it all somehow leads back to sarandon who is a hot - shot lawyer who once beat the cop in court regarding the whole wife 's suicide .
that case is really
a motivating factor is wallach 's dogged approach to finding out whose blood was really on cristina and if sarandon has anything to do with it .
you also have martin balsam as a professor who understands this type of latin cristina
mysteriously understands and unbilled actors such as jeff goldblum as a fashion photographer and tom berenger as a man interested in this certain room that has become available in the very room(now
renovated)that cristina once stayed in !
what bothers me more than anything is lack of explanation .
towards the end of the film wallach and walken are forgotten and we are left wondering why they just up and quit investigating .
their characters are just left on the back - burner .
how the priests know that " now is the time " when a certain man will die and must be replaced to guard a certain gate in that high - rise and why cristina suffers through the trauma she does is n't adequately explained .
how certain ghosts just appear to cristina and disappear when she tries to show gardner the rooms they occupied during a cat 's birthday(see
for yourself)isn't adequately explained .
not to mention gardner 's role in the grand scheme of things .. she brings people to that high - rise , but what is really her reasons in the film ?
it seems like this film should 've been longer and cleared things up left lost to a rushed conclusion that is just laughable when it should be scary .
terrible ! ! !
i do n't want to be too negative
but this film has an iq of stupid monkey .
what a disaster .
i just could n't believe how bad this movie is .
the dialogs are just very strange and off topic , the camera work at times just horrible , the music at times like a soundtrack for lawrence of arabia , i just watched this film to see how much worse it can get .
some of the side kick " actors " are total disaster .
sorry but all my thumbs and toes and anything that can hang downwards on my body is falling to the ground .
harvey keitle is a great actor but who knows maybe he is in financial crunch to take a part in such a fiasco film .
. . . .
this movie should have been presented to all the students in all the film schools just to teach them a lesson of how not to make a film
the " documentary " , and we use that term loosely apparently , summarizes that muslims are trying to violently take over the world .
then states that any muslim that does n't admit this is either ignorant of their own faith or lying to your face !
also every person that is interviewed in the film has found a market for their ludicrous take on reality by selling claptrap to conservatives willing to let others do the thinking for them .
what the west needs to know is this is nothing more than propaganda aimed at mental midgets .
if you are looking for an actual documentary on islam and the current state of the middle - east i would look elsewhere .
try something that provides multiple points of view from qualified sources .
the concept was ok but hardly original .
the acting was plastic .
but the real spoiler was that there was only one joke and a grubby one at that .
this is a film for fourteen year olds who have been let out on their own for the first time .
do n't dare to watch it with your kids .
yeah , well , i definitely had regrets about giving up my saturday night watching this strange little , yet very long , movie .
apparently neither did the main character for stealing two hours of my life .
here 's the epitome of the antihero in ' no regrets . '
we have this jerk , so messed up , so wandering , so selfish , aimless and unlikable that it was extremely hard to get past the attraction a highly favored businessman 's up - and - coming son , jaemin , unless it was just that :
physical attraction .
he claims otherwise , that it 's love .
but after watching this , it 's like loving charles manson because you dig the beard .
( alright , he 's not that bad , but still no real redeemable characteristics . )
i could never get past the reason jaemin endless stalks sumin .
it was never shown , just told , that jaemin loves sumin .
perhaps it 's a culture thing that flew over my head :
crazy / stalking =
mad love over in seoul .
it has to be , because a little more than half the movie is one stalking the other and the last part is stalking back and forth to the point i thought this was turning into a screwball comedy .
i was waiting for a tiger named " baby " to make an appearance .
okay , so sumin works two jobs while going to school , so far so good on someone trying to better themselves .
but after his first taste of his stalker 's attraction , he gives up his day job for some kind of prostitution ring .
what ?
ok , well , as previously mentioned , the obsession does n't stop due to the job / career change and if you throw in a bunch of other very angry characters you get one messed up movie where unbelievable occurrences just seem to happen without buildup .
basic movie , not 100 % terrible , but you can do better with foreign gay - themed movies .
just because someone is under the age of 10 does not mean they are stupid .
if your child likes this film you 'd better have him / her tested .
i am continually amazed at how so many people can be involved in something that turns out so bad .
this " film " is a showcase for digital wizardry and nothing else .
the writing is horrid .
i ca n't remember when i 've heard such bad dialogue .
the songs are beyond wretched .
the acting is sub - par
but then the actors were not given much .
who decided to employ joey fatone ?
he can not sing and he is ugly as sin .
the worst thing is the obviousness of it all .
it is as if the writers went out of their way to make it all as stupid as possible .
great children 's movies are wicked , smart and full of wit - films like shrek and toy story in recent years , willie wonka and the witches to mention two of the past .
but in the continual dumbing - down of american more are flocking to dreck like finding nemo ( yes , that 's right ) , the recent charlie & the chocolate factory and eye - crossing trash like red riding hood .
swayze does n't make a very convincing alan quatermain .
compared to stewart granger ; which growing up was my ultimate hero in films like the 1952 " scaramouche " , the 1952 " prisoner of zenda " and the 1950 " king solomon 's mines " ; patrick swayze fails utterly .
even the portrayal of an older alan quatermain by sean connery in " league of extraordinary gentlemen " was very good in an otherwise big flop .
also alison doody lacks the grace of deborah kerr in the role of the leading lady , and last but not least the impressive siriaque in the role of umbopa makes it very hard for anyone to fill his ( shoes ) ! ! !
for someone who was disappointed by richard chamberlain 's 1985 version , i now highly recommend it if you ca n't get your hand on the granger version .
the only reason i remember this movie is because it was ( and still is ) the biggest waste of time and money ever spent .
i was 17 and my friend was 18 .
we were the age when action movies were our thing to enjoy most ( ok 2nd most ) .
we walked out feeling so insulted , we wanted our money back , but the time could never be regained .
the editing is what killed this movie .
as the truck gets attacked by more and more vehicles with rocket launchers attached the movie completely insults the intelligence of the audience by having these rogue bad guys in 4x4 vw bugs shooting rockets at the truck .
please , rockets at a truck known to be carrying plutonium ?
what 's worse is
the these vw 's manage to get 15 - 18 shots off of a 4 rocket launcher .
you would see on vw with 4 rockets fire 2 of them , cut around the truck with the last one attached , come back a second later with two rockets attached , fire another , then go in front of the truck
and now it 's back to a full set of 4 rockets .
we toughed it out hoping for a big finish that never happened .
it looks like they just ran out of money and stopped .
just ridiculous .
very outdated film with awful , cliché - ridden and mawkish dialog and a very poor construction .
in addition , cassavetes and falk overact constantly .
a pseudo " good movie " .
it takes no time to discover how catastrophic this intellectual turkey is .
the first scene is a total bore , filled with histrionics and hysteric exchanges .
the sound is horrible .
camera movements are without imagination as is the building of characters .
no poetry , no subtle psychology , no interesting shots .
the actors smoke constantly and we see ads for beer beverages .
very cheap , indeed .
( one exception :
ned beattie"s nice and simple way of playing the hit man ) .
wow ... what would you do with $ 33 m ?
let me give you a choice
; you can either a ) shred it and flush it down the toilet or b)make a film based on the premise of whoopi goldberg as a hard nut futuristic cop partnered with a rubber dinosaur who uses terms like " i did n't butt trumpet " and blows raspberries on the basis that this is funny .
that 's right , you would choose the option that has more merit - flushing down the toilet .
this has to be seen to be believed .
i can not even find the words to describe how bad this film is .
it does n't even fit into the " so bad - it 's good " category .
i actually have it on the television as i write - and whilst watching
i felt the need to come onto imdb and register my disgust .
considering jurassic park was made a couple of years before , how on earth did they think that audiences would any longer tolerate a man dressed in a rubber suit ?
wg should have simply walked and damn the consequences .
everyone concerned will go to hell for this criminal waste of money .
i have to stop writing - i am about to implode .
first of all , what is good in the movie ?
some pretty actress ?
the exotic background ?
the fact that the actors do n't laugh while acting ( i would have if i had been in their situation ) ?
i do n't know .
the storyline is simple : a catholic priest who does abstract painting tries to find out who ( another abstract painter ) killed his little brother , a male prostitute ( raped by another priest when he was young ... ) .
i 'm afraid there is nothing here to learn or to let think a little about serial killers , art or religion .
dennis hopper is not very good here .
this is the worst episode of the worst season of " profiler " ( the serie ) with replacement actors and unbelievable coincidences ( the uncle is the policeman who , the girl who lives at another victim 's house could have a baby with the priest , etc . , etc ) .
i happen to have bought one of those " legacy of horror " 50 movie pack collections and would you believe i 'm still looking through them to find a good horror movie in it .
sometimes you find an enjoyable yet campy one like the devil 's messenger or the devil bat , or one of the great alfred hitchcock 's films
( some are n't horror however and are only on there because hitchcock directed some horrors and suspense ) but other times it seems that they put movies like the island monster and this on because they ca n't accept the fact they would easily be forgotten and should be for that matter .
so we open up to sort of a westing game idea .
the rich yet cruel and abusive father played by carradine ( the one standing feature of this ) has died and left his inheritance to his children and servants who he still hates .
carradine gives a good enough performance as always , but he 's left mainly in a voice recording and flashback sequences leaving us to sit through the mediocre / terrible performances .
the rest of the cast either overacts or underacts in scenes .
given this was an independent film of the 70 's the lighting and effects are pretty limited .
it 's hard to build a lot of tension when the viewer ca n't see what 's happening that well in some scenes .
some actors like the servants igor and elga give an effort at least
and i 'm ashamed to admit
kind of left me chuckling at the end mainly for the sheer stupidity but still with some very minor happiness that they pulled some version of a twist to an otherwise pretty obvious who - done - it but not enough to enhance the quality of the film .
you are n't meant to like the characters as they are either selfish and cruel or psychotic , but it takes it to a whole new level and makes many unwatchable .
the death scenes are pretty bad and the suspense is not really there .
it proves that you would probably enjoy the 20 movie pack " chilling " containing films like house on a haunted hill , little shop of horror 's with jack nicholson , and night of the living dead over it .
this is best avoided .
simply not the quality i expected from morris
( love brass eye and blue jam ) .
this is very much like a not so bad student film .
what concerns me , in all this is why did it win a bafta ? ? ?
morris makes fun of ' enshrined mediocrity ' ( ayn rand ) in much of his work ( nathan barley ) and yet with this piece is urinating down the backs of the talented and telling us its raining !
i just hope as he has chosen a subject i would love to tackle
( the humanity of terrorism - four lions ) that he is n't going to cock that up , wasting the opportunity to make a statement about the farce of mainstream ignorance and opinion on this emotive and heavily spun phenomena .
this was the third remake of sleeping with the eniemy after yaarana(1995 ) and agnisakshi(1996)agnisakshi was the only one which worked and was a better filmdaraar is directed by abbas mustan who sadly failed in their attempt herethe story was good but the handling was n't that good and the heroine was shown too regressive and
the climax too was
disappointingdirection is
bad music is
goodrishi reprises his role of
yaarana(strangely which also was a remake of swte ) and looks too fat for the lead and is okay
juhi is decent while arbaaz tries too hard in his debut and does manage in many scenes to chill the audiences but his voice was terrible johny is too loud
when i caught a glimpse of the title i thought are we going to get another try - hard hip slasher , but actually i found " 7eventy 5ive " to be a mildly passable , and almost 80s throwback after a tediously slow mid - section
it picks up momentum for the final half - hour leading to it 's outrageously tacky climax and downright cop out ending .
it wo n't win awards for originality , because it 's as systematic as you can get and steals its thunder in the way of thrills ( usual cheap jump scares ) , location ( secluded mansion ) and motivation from other films .
the gleaming direction is by - the - book and the material is quite hackneyed with poorly realised red herrings within its elaborate plotting and flimsy script .
sometimes laughable , but nonetheless i was entertained mainly due to its brutal and grisly acts of pulpy violence towards some rather obnoxiously annoying college students by a psychotic killer with a battle axe .
the performances were n't bad in the shape of a spunky young cast , however the characters they were portraying were n't particularly enticing .
an always presentable rutger hauer shows up in a short supportive role as a grizzled detective .
a slickly made , but a shallow and forgettable addition to the fold .
the original " les visiteurs " was original , hilarious , interesting , balanced and near perfect .
lv2 must be a candidate for " worst first sequel to a really good film " .
in lv2 everyone keeps shouting , when a gag does n't work first it 's repeated another 5 times with some vague hope that it will eventually become funny .
lv2 is a horrible parody of lv1 , except of course that a parody should be inventive .
if you loved lv1 just do n't see this film , just see lv1 again ! !
i usually read reviews before i watch a movie .
guess what , i did n't do that before watching tlb , and i have to say i was very surprised to see the above average rating at imdb .
i found it to have a total lack of story .
you just get dropped into it ( and , sadly , not in the way saving private ryan dropped us into the movie ) , and it also has a sudden end , which was very unsatisfying for me .
i have to admit , the wounded soldiers looked pretty realistic to me , especially with the low budget in mind .
but prepare yourself to have a laugh ...
some guys are being tossed through the air after an explosion as if they are olympic gymnasts .
a mid - air corkscrew or somersault during ww
i is a bit too much for me , especially when it 's performed countless times during the movie ...
but the parts that really got me laughing until i almost cried were the scenes containing close combat .
the screaming and shouting german voices ... unbelievably funny .
it seems as if they are spoken by one single actor / voice performer , because they all sound exactly the same , and it just sounds like a ' typical ' german voice .
i would absolutely not recommend this movie to anyone , except to people who just want to have some laughs because of the sad and corny quality of it .
well , i rented this movie and found out it realllllllly sucks .
it is about that family with the stepmother and the same stupid fights in the family , then the cool son comes with his stupid camera and he likes to take a photo to damaged building and weird things and weird movie , and then he asks his father to take him to a side trip and simply agrees , etc etc etc .....
they go to that town which no one know it exists ( blah blah blah )
and the most annoying thing is that the movie ends and yet you do n't understand what is
that movie!!!!i have seen many mystery movies but that was the worst ,
honestly it does n't have a description at all
and i wish i did n't see it .
well after three times through i still have no idea what this movie is about because , quite honestly , it failed to generate any real interest or concern .
but here it goes
: a bunch of too old to be teen teen actors dressed in horrifying latter 1980 's fashions ( did we look like that too ? ? ) decide it would be a really good idea to get in a motorboat and go visit the abandoned alcatraz after one of them has nightmares of people being slaughtered in various horrifying ways that manage to rip off poltergeist , the evil dead , and freddy kreuger in one fell swoop .
the dimwit even envisions himself being roasted over an open fire with some deformed freak slicing off strips of tenderloin .
good thing it was only a dream or it might have hurt , and good thing
his dreams had a decent special effects budget .
mine are usually pretty lame : girls , model space ships , blowing things up with a bazooka , etc .
once on the alcatraz island they find themselves in a slasher movie , and meet up with tony basil , who can not help but break into a couple dance poses at times and had her own lighting crew ( complete with a smoke machine for that 1980 's smoky haze infused light look , which i kind of miss ) .
and such reminded me that ms. basil helped choreograph david byrne of the talking heads for some of his videos and performances .
this of course has nothing at all to do with the film but kept popping into mind as the movie posed very little to actually think about .
it sort of happens , and you can either watch or keep working on your page markup with it on the tv set off to the side .
but since the film is n't really interesting , you 'll keep deciding to finish one last thing instead of wasting time , the movie will keep ending , and you 'll find yourself wondering what you missed every time you realize the end credits are starting to roll again , dammit ...
* 1980 's teen horror movies can survive such specialized viewing : umberto lenzi 's ghosthouse ,
chopping mall & it 's killbots , the hard to ignore night of the creeps and the over - the - top sleepaway camp all come to mind .
they are films that , like them or not , demand your attention and usually pay off with some good gore or t&a , and typos in your work as evidence that you were watching the tv instead of your keyboard .
i am sure that hell island ( as the british version i glommed onto is titled ) does indeed have some good stuff in there , but frankly i do n't care .
and nothing is more annoying that encountering art of any genre that does n't inspire admiration , some decent dislike or even good old honest hatred for it .
the film is content with simpering away 80-whatever minutes of time and never really accomplishing anything more than being a sometimes distraction in spite of my best efforts to try and give it a chance , but no dice .
there is some offbeat production design going on , the use of lighting is striking at times , and the occasional outburst of mayhem will probably keep fans of 1980 's teen horror interested .
the rest of you be warned though : you will wonder if you dressed
like that
in 1987 ,
and the answer is probably more hideous than anything which happens on screen .
try to watch it as a free rental if possible so that if disappointed you are n't stuck with the damn thing : movies like this take up valuable shelf space that is often at a commodity these days , what with the world coming to an end & all ...
i 'm actually surprised at the amount of good ratings this anti - christian pseudo - documentary got .
now , i respect the guy 's opinion and faith , i myself am not , at this state , believer of the taught christian doctrine .
however , anti - christian propaganda is somewhat of a different issue .
this film has valid points , but they are very few and represented in a very biased context .
i 'm not recommending against seeing it .
in fact , i think everyone should see it and decide on their own whether they believe it or not .
and this is actually more of a chance than the one the director gives to christian teachings .
rather than an inquiring approach on the subject , it looks like a personal vendetta on the christian school that affected his childhood .
it also misrepresents the christians most of the times as either incredibly naive or fundamentalists , no moderation in between .
the director uses movie scenes from passion of christ without permission , sets up an interview with the headmaster of his former school and presents almost solely anti - christian historians and writers .
i actually found the headmaster to be the most down - to - earth person and think that his attitude was fully justified .
i also strongly doubt that any of the christian believers who were interviewed were consulted afterwords or even told before the interview the purpose of the inquiry .
with this being said , there are certainly new and interesting facts to be found here and some very original thoughts on the question of christianity .
but the way in which this whole think is produced is often offensive , highly unprofessional and dreadfully biased .
' 1408 ' is the latest hodge podge of cheap scare tactics .
the kind that might make date - movie styled horror fans occasionally jump in their seat and scream in your ear , but disappoint audiences searching for a little depth and direction .
john cusak plays a writer who 's made a career of writing books describing his experiences of staying in rumored haunted hotels .
despite assurances by patrons and owners that ghosts roam the halls , there is little to make him a real believer in the paranormal .
when he learns of the history of room 1408 at the overlook hotel --
no wait ,
i mean , dolphin hotel in new york city -- he decides it would make the perfect closing chapter to his latest book .
but , samuel l. jackson , playing the hotel owner , strongly attempts to dissuade his guest with narration of the atrocities that have occurred in theat room since the hotel 's opening many years ago .
the story is simple and we , as possible skeptics , must sit through jackson 's lengthy foreshadowing ramble .
in other words : be afraid !
be very afraid!of course , it would be easy to convince audiences that they 've just paid to see an edge - of - the - seat thriller if it did n't take so long to build up to this point .
and also , if what followed was a lot more than cheap " boos " that become so frequent and arbitrary that eventually , you might soon expect them .
the temperature in the room changes automatically .
the walls drip with blood .
the fearless writer ca n't open the door , etc .
and after nearly an hour and a half of delivering these to audiences promised big thrills , you might sit and hope that at least you can be wowed by the ending .
with suspicions of dream sequences and other derivative time - wasters , even that fails to quell our doubts that before the movie is over , we might finally have something to make the movie a little less than completely forgettable .
despite grand performances ( as always ) by cusak , who essentially is the entire film , most everyone else of note is wasted ( i.e. samuel l. jackson ) in insignificant minor roles .
the true mystery here is how this movie received such a high viewer rating .
ballot - stuffing ghosts ?
stewart kane ( gabriel byrne , vanity fair ) heads out with his local jindabyne , australia fishing buddies for a weekend of rest , recreation , and relaxation .
but when stewart discovers an aboriginal woman 's body floating face - down in a river , things appear to have turned out for the worst .
the largest casualty of the weekend is the men 's commonsense .
they do n't hike out of the ravine , and instead finish their fishing weekend with some great catches .
then they head out and report the body .
the town and the men 's lives quickly turn into a mess .
the local media swarms them , and accusations of aboriginal prejudices rear up from the local natives .
stewart 's wife claire
( laura linney , the exorcism of emily rose ) senses the deeper meanings of what her husband and his friends did , but has to battle with it through her own mental illness .
amidst all this chaos is the life that was this young woman who is now a media spectacle , splayed out on a morgue slab .
her murder and subsequent dumping into the water are symbolic of what lay beneath the town of jindabyne : a division of men and women , black and white , social and outcast .
the only other people who seem to understand some of what is going on are two young kids :
stewart and claire 's son who is being led around by a half - breed aussie who 's mother was killed also just a few years before .
the young girl lives with her grandparents and is trying to let go of her mother the best way she can , and the discovery of a new body seems 
strangely enough 
a method in which to accomplish this
( again , the underlying current of jindabyne is surmised).everything and everyone in this jindabyne township feels what lurks beneath its surface , yet none of them are willing to dive into the murky waters and take a look around ( the symbolism here is seen when a nearby lake that is used for recreation and swimming is said to contain the old town of jindabyne under its surface ) .
none , that is , until claire forces them to .
the movie is interesting if a bit too convoluted .
there are far too many story lines that needed exploring and it just does n't get done ; too many loose threads .
the acting was okay , but the filming was terrible .
wobbly cameras , grainy or dark shots , and just a generalized sloppiness hurt the overall production .
i enjoy symbolic films , northfork being one of my all - time favorites in that vein .
but jindabyne needed to peak its head above the turbid water so that it could see its own problems , which simply did n't happen .
this movie was the most out of line and liberally fed movie i have ever seen in my life .
( besides farenheit 9/11 ) .
all of the information was only supported on the opinion of five scientists while 80 % of the asssociated press highly criticize the science promoted be gore .
global warming is a mass media hysteria and nothing more .
most of the information in the movie was either misquoted or it was wrong all together .
this movie has been investigated over and over again and has been shown evidence against that prove its lies were nothing but lies .
liberal blindness !
to think that they show this in school
proves that the media has brainwashed us into believing this garbage !
well where do i begin my story ? ?
i went to this movie tonight with a few friends not knowing more than the actors that were in it , and that it was supposed to be a horror movie .
well i figured out within the first 20 minutes
, what a poor decision i had made going out seeing this movie .
the plot was crap , and so was the script .
the lines were horrible to the point that people in the audience were laughing hysterically .
the cast could n't have been more plastic looking .
even some of the scenes seemed like they should have been made much quicker ...
like they dragged on for no particular reason .
very poor editing .
all in all this movie was a giant waste of time and money .
natural born killers
( 1994)cinema cut :
r director 's cut : nc-17it 's an unusual oliver stone picture , but when i read he was on drugs during the filming , i needed no further explanation . '
natural born killers ' is a risky , mad , all out film - making that we do not get very often ; strange , psychotic , artistic pictures .
'natural
born killers ' is basically the story of how two mass killers were popularised and glorified by the media ; there is a great scene where an interviewer questions some teenagers about mickey and mallory , and the teenager says ' murder is wrong ....
but if i was a mass murderer i 'd be mickey and mallory ' .
mickey describes this with a situation of ' frankenstein ( the monster ) and dr. frankenstein ' -
dr. frankenstein is the media who has turned them into these monstrous killersmost oliver stone films examine the flaws of the america , the country that the director loves and admires .
i guess ' natural born killers ' is about the effect of mass media , technology and how obsessive as a nation , americans are ( and most of the world ) over things such as mass killers and bizarre situations .
the killers played by woody harrelson ( mickey ) and juliette lewis ( mallory ) are executed astonishingly by two excellent actors who step into the lives of two interestingly brutal killers .
mickey and mallory believe that some people are worthy of killing , perhaps in the cruel theory of social darwinism ( survival of the fittest ) - mickey says in his interview in prison , that other species commit murder , we as humans ravage other species and exploit the environment ; the script is interesting , but it is questionable how much this film amounts to , in the sense of making us think about society and human behaviour , rather than the intensity of a 2 hour bloodbath that we have seen .
the last hour of the film takes place in a maximum security prison ; we see the harsh realities of prison life ; the attitudes of the warden etc;overfilling of prisons - maybe stone is questioning the future , the path that society is leading to .
two other interesting characters ; first , a reporter who runs a show about ' america 's maniacs ' and is obsessed with boosting ratings , that he goes to any length to capture the story of mickey and mallory .
the other is police officer scagnetti , an insane , perhaps sadistic officer that is in love with mallory - he also has some weird obsession with mass killers , since his mother was killed during the massacre at waco , texas by charles whitman .
the cinematography is superb ; different colours , shadows , styles create a feeling of disorientation ; the green colour most evident of all is green , to resemble the sickness of the killers ( in the drugstore when they are looking for rattlesnake
antidote).the camera work is insane ; shaky , buzzy , it takes some determination to get use to it and accept it .
highly unorthodox , psychedelic and unusual .
'natural
born killers ' does not glamourise the existence of insane murderers , it questions it and how we as the public may fuel this attribute ...
although the above review sound quite positive , i did dislike the film .
quentin tarantino , who originally wrote the script for the film , was not pleased with the altered screenplay and he asked for his name to be removed .
i can see why .
while mildly interesting at times , natural born killers is a mess of a picture.4/10
there are lots of extremely good - looking people in this movie .
that 's probably the best thing about it .
perhaps that even makes it worth watching .
"loaded " tells the story of tristan price ( jesse metcalfe ) , a young man who 's about to make his mark on the world .
he 's the son of a well - to - do family with a good reputation , and he 's on his way to law school .
but like so many such settings , things are n't quite as perfect as they appear .
the expectations in this family far outweigh the love .
except for school , tristan 's father rarely lets him leave the house .
this seems to be the result of some past traumatic event that shook the family , which is partially revealed through flashbacks but is n't spelled out until the very end .
tristan 's claustrophobic environment causes him to let loose in very extreme ways at the first possible opportunity , when his friends take him out to a strip club to celebrate his graduation .
the celebration soon follows some strippers back to a beach house party , and from there , tristan befriends sebastian cole ( corey large ) , who pulls him into a drug dealing underworld .
while technically well - made , this movie suffers from a lackluster script and a storyline that is n't very engaging .
also counting against this film are some constant camera tricks that generally seemed annoying and out - of - place , such as slow - motion , fast - motion , freeze - frames and echos .
these are the types of effects a director might normally utilize to show a character 's perspective while on drugs , except in this case they seem to have been sporadically tossed in at random points , in some cheap attempt at style .
despite its cast of relative unknowns , performances were good all around , most notably with respect to the main antagonist ( corey large ) .
i suspect we 'll be seeing at least a couple of these people in bigger and better projects in the future .
of course , when mentioning the actors , i must mention their looks .
rating based on hotness , this movies scores an 11 .
the women in this movie are incredible - looking and almost distract you from what a boring movie you 're watching .
i 'm sure the male characters are also quite attractive , but you 'll have to ask someone else to comment on that .
overall , i ca n't recommend this movie , not for buying , renting , or even seeing for free .
it 's unfortunately just not worth the effort it takes to sit through .
intergalactic criminal kol ( ross hagen ) has been sentenced to death and awaits execution on a spaceship designed for just such a purpose .
but tonight there 's going to be a jailbreak , and kol flees on a conveniently - placed escape pod and flies towards earth ( which apparently is nearby ) .
there he confronts a group of " teenagers " ( who look thirty ) and a game warden ( john phillip law ) , who help protect him from his worst nightmare ...
the bounty hunter and executioner android ( or more properly " gynoid " )
the alienator .
from the cover of the box , i was confident this was going to be an awful movie .
but , as awful as it turned out to be , it was a ton of fun as well ( probably at least partially because i was watching it with someone who happens to be intensely awesome ) .
the director ( fred olen ray ) , who has specialized in making over one hundred low - grade films ( most notably " hollywood chainsaw hookers " ) , does what he does best and throws together a plot that only half makes sense and gives us rudimentary special effects .
bonus :
p.j. soles appears ( as " tara " ) , obviously at a low point in her career .
sure , there 's plot holes .
why are there hillbilly rednecks in california ( allegedly los angeles county if i understood the warden correctly ) .
what 's up with the space woman 's tacky blouse ?
why is there a subplot about the ship captain forcefully trying to win her heart when this story goes nowhere ?
what the heck is " quadrant 5 " ?
how does chicken wire create an electromagnetic field that will short - circuit an android , yet land mines do virtually nothing ?
why does kol look like a drunk , native american football player with emphysema ?
and the lund guy ( robert clarke ) ... does his character even have a point ?
does the game he plays with the captain have a point ?
does this movie have a point ?
but the biggest mystery is the android ( or gynoid )
the alienator , played by teagan clive .
what is an " alienator " ?
why does it look like daryl hannah from " blade runner " , only much larger ?
because , see , if something is a cyborg , it 's part human .
but if it 's an android , it 's all machine .
this was an android , so there was no reason to make it look human .
it could have looked like anything .
yet , the person who designed her made her the size of a linebacker , with david bowie 's hair and a leotard that shows me just a little too much .
if you 're going to make a female android , would n't the purpose be to have her be seductive and lure enemies in ?
mission not accomplished .
they say beauty comes in all shapes and sizes , but i think i found a huge exception .
if " mystery science theater 3000 " were still around today , this film would be on a very short list of movies that need to get harangued .
beyond the butt - nasty alienator ( sorry , teagan , female weight lifters are gross )
the film is alright .
maybe there 's not much of a story and maybe the characters are n't really very interesting .
and maybe the scene with the deer is incredibly adorable for no particular reason -- what use does a killer robot have with a deer ?
but overall , i actually liked the movie .
i wo n't be pimping it out to my friends or running out to my local video store to pick up the latest dvd copy ( which i 'm sure is just packed with amazing special features -- not ) .
but i consider seeing this movie time well spent and look forward to similar adventures in the future .
i had no real expectations going into this movie
and i 'm glad .
even if i had expected it to be bad i would have been disappointed .
where to start ?
first , i think 15 % of the movie consisted of stock footage of stationary scarecrows in a dark jungle - field .
i get it .
there 's scarecrows .
i think the title " scarecrows " was sufficient .
second , not a damn thing is ever explained regarding the scarecrows and paranormal occurrences .
there 's too many times where i was left going wtf?third , the movie takes itself seriously .
i 'm all for a b - movie with buckets of blood , screaming women , and senseless violence that is the result of a simple psychopath or ancient curse .
but those movies often know they 're b - movies and even flaunt it , like dead snow ( hilarious scandanavian zombie flick ) or evil dead 2 .
but this movie seems oblivious to its crapdom .
finally , there should of been more blood and/or nudity .
yea , i said it .
if you 're going to have a crap horror movie , make with the killing .
and if you 're going to have one hot and one semi - hot girl , one of them needs to show some side - boob at a minimum .
so , like the summary says , skip " scarecrows " and just poke yourself in the eye .
you 'll thank me .
some here have commented that this is the worst elvis movie ever made .
well , they are only partly right .
for me , this is the worst movie
ever made period !
i have never seen anything so basely crude , and insulting , and vile , and against human nature as this film .
a true embarrassment to the motion picture industry , this is n't even so bad , its good .
there is no campy trashy fun to be had here like in some of elvis ' other bad movies like clambake .
this one is so rotten to sit through its painful .
pure garbage .
native americans should sue for their poor clichéd and stereotypical treatment here .
actually , perhaps all human beings should sue for the crime and disservice this movie does to the species as a whole 0 stars , seriously .
grade : f
the word " 1st " in the title has more ominous meaning for the viewers of this film than for its crime victims .
at least they do n't have to stick around and watch this interminable film reach its own demise.1st should refer to : 1st draft of a script ; 1st takes used in each performance in the final film ;
1st edit in post production ; etcetera , etcetera .
the movie is not cast too badly , it 's just that everything about the film come off as worse than third rate , from the goofy script , to the wooden performances .
and while suffering through this cobbled together film , by the 2 hour mark you want to be put out of your misery .
at 160 minutes long it is readily apparent that it should have been edited to under 2 hours .
going into details concerning the lame script and acting serves little purposes .
even in the equally awful , lake placid , at least the performances bill pullman and bridget fonda constructed out of an extremely weak script , were nuanced enough to make you laugh at the movie .
in 1st to die , one ends up grieving only for the time lost in waiting to see what happens after the opening scene of the preparation of the female lead 's suicide .
the editing is so bad one is never introduced to one of the main characters , who i think ( were never quite told ) is a d.a.
she just appears in one scene in the middle of a conversation .
obviously the scene where she is introduced to the viewer was dropped on the editor 's floor .
and no one realized that a character appearing out of nowhere was an unusual film ploy .
in a word , do n't waste your time with this one .
my wife and i wish we did n't .
but at least we created our own diversions by commenting in various places in the film like it was mystery science theater .
meanwhile , in cleveland .
. . . " ! ! ! !
perhaps not my genre but plot was horrible as was acting by nancy allen and linda farentino .
c. thomas also seemed uncomfortable in role of being seduced here ( while on marijuana ?
why did this need to be included ?
this weakened plot considerably ) .
also farentino 's charac .
would have been better had she had more respect for a relationship .
would does movie try to say ?
not much .
i rented this movie because i was browsing through the horror movie section for those movies that no one 's heard of and could be a possible gem .
i saw this and , since i 'm a fan of violence and gore , i got it .
it got the rating of em which means :
extremely mature .
thinking that this rare and high rating was totally meant for violence and everything else , i got it .
the warning on the box said : extreme violence , extreme langauge , and nudity .
the " extreme violence " struck my fancy .
the movie ended being a pretty tame slasher flick .
it had one or two gory scenes but i 've seen worse in a pg-13 movie .
of course the amount of gore in a movie is n't all that counts , right ?
you have plot also .
well , the plot was boring and there nothing really special about it .
do n't rent it .
i speak the truth .
i ca n't imagine how someone could really enjoy it to the point where they say : " i 'm gon na rent that again .
" it had it 's moments where it kept you going
but i 'm never going to see that film again .
the saddest part of this is the fact that these are 87 minutes
i 'll never get back .
i knew this was terrible from the get - go , with the guy dressed as a lunatic indian chief on top of the roof .
( see if they could get away with that in 2008 ) .
my 10-year - old boy is really into baseball right now , so we decided to rent it on a rainy day .
even though he seemed to enjoy parts of it , i had to cringe when i heard all the needless foul language .
bad , bad movie .
this was an awful ripoff of bad news bears .
completely shameless and completely predictable .
i do n't mind a predictable movie if it 's done well , but this one absolutely was not .
having low expectations going in , the opening new footage ( clocked at over five minutes ) of ' husbands ' came as a pleasant surprise .
i wo n't say the new footage was grade a material , but it provided a very solid foundation for what " could have been " a good all - original film .
unfortunately , this was put together in 1955 , during a time of one day shooting schedules .
after the new footage , jules white decided to just thumbtack stock footage from ' brideless groom ' into this short , making for a not - so - smooth story transition , which jules and felix adler try to remedy with a quickie bit of new footage at the end , giving us the old , worn - out ending of the boys ( moe & larry in this case ) getting shot in the butt.3/10
falsely accused , skirt - chasing chums john wayne ( as john scott ) and eddy chandler ( as kansas charlie ) change identities to become " alias smith and jones " .
mr. wayne becomes " john jones " .
mr. chandler 's is supposed to be " rev. smith " , but wayne calls him " dr. smith " .
at no time are either of them as entertaining as roger davis , pete duel , jonathan harris , or ben murphy ; although , wayne can be considered infinitely more successful than any of them , career wise .
pretty blonde mary kornman ( as anne ) , grown - up from her days in " our gang " , is a lovely interest for wayne .
she and chandler have a couple of cute scenes with wayne .
if you 're not a fan of low budget john wayne films of the 1930s , this movie wo n't make you one .
boring .
minimal plot .
no character development .
i went into this movie with high expectations from the book .
it could have been an awesome movie .
it could have probably become a cult classic .
nope , it was a giant let - down .
it was poorly cast and had horrible special effects .
it was difficult to determine who were the bad guys : the rebels or the military or the church or all of them ?
i am still left puzzled by certain mini - plots from the movie .
i am left dumbfounded as to certain aspects of this so - called " prophecy " , which is never really fully explained .
i felt like i was watching a corny episode of a mini - series on the sci - fi channel .
it seemed very much like a made - for - tv movie .
do n't go see this movie .
it is a waste of time and money .
philip .
k. dickian movie .
and a decent one for that matter .
better than the paycheck ( woo ) and that abomination called minority report ( spielberg ) .
but lets face it , the twisting and cheesing ending was a bit too much for me .
half way through the movie i already started to fear about such kind of ending , and i was regrettably right .
but that does not mean that the film is not worth its time .
no , not at all .
first half ( as already many here have commented ) is awesome .
there are some parts where you start to doubt whether the director intended to convey the message that showmanship is highly important thing in the future ( we will do such kind on corny sf things because we can ) or is it simply over combining .
but the paranoia is there and feeling " out of joint " also .
good one .
it 's a while ago , that i have seen sleuth ( 1972 ) with two great actors michael caine and laurence olivier .
michael caine is back , but he is now the husband and jude law
the lover of his wife .
the story is still the same and it 's a fantastic play .
during the movie i always had the feeling to watch a play .
that 's one of the reasons i dislike this remake of a classic .
when i watch a movie adapted a play i still must feel to see a movie and not just a play .
director kenneth brannigan did some marvelous movies in the past , but this time he missed .
another reason was the look of the movie .
the design was modern , stylish clean , uncomfortable and cold .
i never got the feeling that somebody ever lived in that house .
the photography was n't bad , but the lightening was awful .
sometimes there was blue light , dark , green light , to round it up not friendly for eyes .
the acting was really good .
michael caine 's and jude law 's perform at their best .
i really would like to see these 2 guys playing together on stage .
but i have to confess i never was a fan of jude law .
the weakest part was the mid part .
i remember that in the original that this part was still very mysterious and just marvelous directed .
i tried to watch it twice and always in the mid part i felt asleep .
the end part is better and more interesting .
sleuth ( 2007 ) is n't awful , but it seems to be more a movie for critics than for the audience .
sleuth ( 1972 ) is still a masterpiece and much more entertaining than sleuth ( 2007 ) .
wow , my first review of this movie was so negative that it was not excepted .
i will try to tone this one down .
lets be real ! ! !
no one wants to see a chuck norris movie where he is not the main character .
there was a good fight scene at the end , but the rest of the movie stank .
i have to wonder if old chuck just ca n't hang with the best any more .
has he slowed down so much that he has to turn out junk like this and hope that his reputation will carry him through the entire movie ?
chuck is an awesome martial artist , and as we have seen from walker , texas ranger , a fairly good actor , but the trick is to combine both of these qualities in his movies , and this one does not .
very disappointing for us norris fans .
chuck , stay as the main character in your movies , because this does not work for you ...
epsilon , a.k.a . alien visitor , is not what i expected .
this is a no - budget australian film with no special effects other than speeded - up film and quick scene cuts .
the female alien ( who comes over immediately able to speak perfectly accented australian ) can " blip " from place to place or time to time and alter her perception of the flow of time to match the " faster " humans .
an elderly grandmother tells her two granddaughters about a story a wandering man told her 40 years before , when an unnamed " she " came to the planet naked and completely disoriented , unable to recognize which star in the sky she came from ...
she meets a man alone camping in the australian outback , apparently bewildering him .
she is here by " mistake " , and gets angry when she is told she is on earth .
the earthlings are known as consummate despoilers of the environment and a metaphor for the most insulting thing imaginable to the rest of the universe : those who " breathe the foul air " but do nothing about it , sticking their heads under the sand like an ostrich .
in another amusing metaphor , earthlings are " frogs" .
from there , it is entirely a film about dialogue , as the perplexed man tries to understand she 's peculiar psychology and viewpoints , even as she calls him unintelligent and " quaint " .
the man begins to realize maybe it 's humans who are irrational and not thinking straight .
yet , while waiting to be " beamed up " back home , she sees that this human is not entirely faulty in his thinking and even falls in love with him .
the dialogue about perspectives is in spots interesting , but it is all layered with a heavy - handed environmental message and a low - budget feel ( there are only two main actors , who blip around various deserted scenes , and the evil despoiling humans on the planet are never seen at all ) .
the environmental message offers no solutions , but paints one or two dire metaphors about what will happen to nature and man if something is n't done .
the logic also does n't hang together : the rest of the universe has " given up " on earth , yet one space woman caught on earth by mistake manages to effect some positive change by the conclusion of the movie .
what would a battalion of aliens deliberately sent here manage to achieve against pollution and waste ?
seldom do i give up on a movie without seeing the entire show .
this is particularly true when i have rented it on dvd .
syriana was one in which i did give up .
half way through i turned it off in bored disgust .
this movie is disjointed , boring , confusing and lackluster .
the acting was dry and without credible portrayals .
the general plot was good but developed in such an insipid and boring fashion that it failed to grasp my attention or interest .
the multiple sub plots often failed to connect to each other and seemed more like random stories than an actual connected plot .
too bad such a serious subject and such great actors could create such a flop .
i can not imagine this movie receiving any nominations much less an award .
my girlfriend picked this one ; as a southern born and raised african american i found this movie 's plot and premise totally without credibility .
to believe that class and racial biases would be so easily and comfortably suspended would only come from someone totally unfamiliar with the ante - bellum south .
totally absurd ! ! !
i wonder how they got a good actor like harvey keitel and a good actress like andie mcdowell ( who being southern knows better ) to participate in this crap
this film , the alamo : thirteen days to glory , is utter rubbish .
the acting is awful , it is far too patriotic and its historical accuracy is not always at its best ( historians would have a field day ) .
it does have a few good moments but not enough to keep interest because it is far too long .
rating * out of
* * * * * * * * * * .
uma thurman plays sissy , a young woman with a gypsy spirit ( and freakishly large thumbs ) who hitchhikes cross - country , eventually finding her true place amongst a group of peyote - enlightened cowgirls on a ranch devoted to preserving the whooping crane ; rain(bow ) phoenix is their lesbian leader , bonanza jellybean , who falls in love with sissy , thumbs or not .
gus van sant directed and adapted tom robbins ' book , but his satire has no primary target and just skitters all over the map , like sissy
( maybe that was his goal , but it 's not involving for an audience ) .
notorious box - office flop was n't so much panned as it was ignored , and one can see why : it 's a series of sketches in search of a plot , and the performances , directorial touches and cinematography are all variable .
thurman is a stitch posing alongside the highway trying to get a ride , but this pretty much put the kibosh on phoenix 's career .
writer buck henry ( who did n't write this , but perhaps should have ) gives the most assured performance as the doctor who works on one of those thumbs .
two thumbs down .
i thought hedy burress ( who managed to escape from the watery grave of part one ) was going to be in part 2 guess
i just think they should of killed her off like in friday the 13th
part 2
( you know what
i mean).this movie like scream 3 , and
urban legend 2 followed movies within a movie .
this was pure crap !
the whole movie within a movie crap .
bad stay away !
first off , i 'd like to say that the user comments alone left me with tears in my eyes from laughing .
one comment that bad sf movies become good comedies is right on the mark .
mst3000 made it 's living off that .
if you look at the angry red planet as the fever dream of a 10 year old comic book reader from 1959 , you 'll have the handle on this sucker .
all the elements are there : the pseudoscience , occasionally logical , more often hilariously infantile .
the adolescent boy attitude toward sex , with the " gigolo " captain ( good call on that one , guys ! ) making eyes at the buxom " scientist " with hair so red
it 's a wonder it does n't set off the fire alarms .
the ridiculous conception of mars as a planet so alien that everything glows red , yet one alien monster has a mouse face , and the blob alien has an eye that rotates like a kid 's toy .
the comic relief , an overweight astronaut ( ! )
who sounds like he never finished the 8th grade in brooklyn and has a psychotic fixation on his ray gun .
and of course , the mere fact that alien = dangerously evil .
if these people had met e.t. , they would have roasted him in two seconds flat ! "
ow " indeed!don't get me wrong .
i rated this movie low .
still , it 's never boring ( except when the scientist tries to explain everything - only to make it all sound more and more ridiculous ) , and you have to admit ,
in your little kid core , it makes you jump a few times .
okay , then do n't admit it .
i guess you were never 10 .
* 's christian slater , tara reid , stephen dorff , frank c. turner , mathew walker , will sanderson .
directed by uwe boll .
based on the video game director uwe boll attempts to recreate the game into an action - packed nail biter sadly he does n't succeed .
instead he makes one of the worst movies ever made !
even though he gets minor celebrity such as christian slater , tara reid and stephen dorff
his movie lacks the necessary fundamentals that a movie needs to be good such as a story line , and some basic relativity of what 's going on in the dark and the light .
the movie bounces all around and uwe boll has no creative control .
and not to mention the bad cgi used on making the monsters .
even though they did look cool and the feedings were well , a little lame .
honestly this is one of the worst movies ever made .
my final rating 0/10 .
for those deciding whether or not to watch this movie and are reading these comments for insight , i first offer these four words : do n't waste your time ! "
chungking express " was shoddily filmed , slapped together quickly and seems as though it were conceived in its entirety by someone standing in line at a hong kong burger king .
i ca n't remember ever watching a film with an assortment of such one - dimensional characters trying to work their way through a script this mundane !
it 's an absurd effort with philosophically ridiculous dialog ( a man wanders into his flooded apartment and offers the stunning revelation that " tears can be dried with a tissue , but water takes time to mop up " ) .
the same character is also seen carrying on a deep , meaningful rapport with his towels , soap , stuffed animals , dirty laundry , etc .
the shaky , wandering , hand - held camera - work was another annoying feature i could have done without .
and if that is n't enough to make you puke in your popcorn , we hear the old 60 's ode " california dreaming " by the mamas and papas blaring over the soundtrack over and over again during a particularly lengthy sequence .
quentin tarantino was responsible for bringing this loser to america through his rolling thunder productions company , though i can not for the life of me figure out why a man with his talent would bother .
he was known to have remarked , " i 'm happy to love a movie this much . "
a lot of us , though , hope he will concentrate on making his audiences happy with more worthwhile discoveries in the future .
another turgid action / adventure flick from the quinn martin productions factory .
roy thinnes plays undercover agent diamond head ( mr. head , to you ) , working for his g - man handler " aunt mary " , looking for " tree " , who 's on a mission to ...
well , just watch the movie .
this one deserved and got the full mst3 k sendup .
as the boys and various reviewers have pointed out , the movie " fargo " had more hawaiian locations than this film .
apparently shot on a puny budget , this movie highlights hawaii 's broken - down dive shops , gas stations , and cheapo hotels .
zulu -- later to star as kono in hawaii - five - o -- appears as thinnes ' lumpy , inept sidekick , while france nguyen models the jenny craig diet gone horribly wrong .
others sharing the flickering screen include a drunken richard harris knockoff , a george takai imitator , a not - so - smart hit - man with sprayed - on sansabelt slacks , and the villain " tree " , sporting a veddy british accent .
you can pretty much figure out the plot halfway through the opening credits , but relax -- just enjoy the giddy mediocrity of this 70 's movie - of - the - week .
whenever i think of this movie ( and i think of this movie often ) , i catch myself humming the theme , written for flute and tuba ...
no one knows why .
trivia note --
diamond head was directed by jeannot szwarc , one of three contract directors at universal who would go on to make much bigger films , in his case jaws 2 .
the others were john badham ( war games ) , and a young fellow named steven spielberg ...
" die sieger " was highly recommended to be one of the few good action movies made in germany .
i watched it last night and i must admit , that i am deeply disappointed .
if that is supposed to be " the last best hope " for entertaining and challenging german action cinema , well then there is not much left .
sieger " tries to be sexy , daring and furious but it is nothing of that kind .
the characters are wooden and stereotype and whenever they do something unexpected ( which does n't happen too much ) the act against their nature .
that makes it hard - for me almost impossible - to follow them or even identify with them .
most of all i think the film is very bad cast .
there is not one character in whom i believe .
maybe the superior officer at the swat unit - but that 's about it .
those people that try to look like or act like special units , like elite cops - i do n't believe them .
not for a second .
the story is not so bad after all .
but i think it 's badly told .
you do n't get to know the bad guy at all - for example .
and when after a " very dark " show down karl simon ( the good guy ) asks his already dead opponent " why ? ...
what for ?
" i did ask myself that very same question , knowing , that dominik graf would n't have the answer .
i sincerely hope - no - i believe that germany can do better , even with action films .
this was without a doubt the worst thing i have ever spent money on .
i feel dirty for admitting that i rented this ' movie ' and actually paid money to see it .
this does not even rate trash .
no no .
this is the juice that collects at the bottom of industrial dumpsters located in particularly foul neighborhoods after an extraordinarily humid summer .
to call it trash would be to degrade trash everywhere .
it was so bad
i felt i had to register at imdb and warn my fellow man .
this luvahire character claims this movie is great .
one has to question his grasp on reality .
let 's take some of his comments and analyze them .
"the actor who played ricky
( i forgot his name ) did a very good job .
"i see .
well , if the director envisioned his audience cringing and wincing at every sentence uttered by ricky or alternately bursting into uncontrollable laughter at moments when most directors would want a more somber reaction from their viewers , then yes ; ricky did an outstanding job .
an aspiring actor myself taking theater at my school
and i had to do a play where i had to cry
and it 's not easy to be emotional in a scene
so i give props to actors who have to do an emotional scene and can pull it off .
"wow .
i too must give props to actors who can pull off emotional scenes .
luvahire , you may want to look into another line of work there buddy if you think these chuckleheads pulled it off .
still , they can help you if you need to practice crying .
just watch the movie .
" bring on the sequel"if
i was your theater teacher at school
i 'd fail you based solely on this comment alone .
i am too disgusted to continue .
i shall now turn over the movie bashing to my associate , mr. bangla .
howdy !
if you 've continued to read this far , i take it for granted that you 've already seen the movie , and you 're now looking for one of two things in this comment :
1 ) additional vitriolic debasement of what you agree was an exceptionally poor movie .
additional vitriolic debasement of what you feel was a good cinematic effort which needs defending against such libelous scum as myself .
whether you want help articulating your disgust or ammunition for a stirring repartee , if i say anything good
it 'll only disappoint you --
so let me assure you , there is little chance of such disappointment .
the other negative comments here at imdb have already enumerated the particular failings of the movie ( e.g. the acting , the soundtrack , the directing , the dialogue , the editing , etc . ) , however all of these faults can readily be forgiven , in and of themselves .
few people will rent a movie titled " hood of the living dead " if they require these elements to be top - notch .
the ultimate failure of " hood " , however , is its failure to deliver on the abundant promise of its name .
hood of the living dead " practically leaps off the shelf at the video store with its implications of corny one - liners and gruesomely creative kills .
here was a chance to mix the cheesy gore of the zombie movie with the realism of life in the ghetto , to have gangsta - thug zombies bombin ' on the innocent living while rockin ' do - rags , to have undead pimps drivin ' over all - too - mortal po - lice in their tricked - out rides .
the mixture of the two genres could have been hilarious .
instead , the movie is more like watching middle school kids timidly deliver the lines to a play they are performing , but do n't understand .
to avoid a feeling of betrayal on the part of their video - rental audience , i suggest that the quiroz brothers re - release the movie with the following new title : " hood of the living dead : a home - made horror video we shot on our camcorder with some friends over a weekend last summer because we were bored " .
or perhaps they could release it as a documentary .
the day creativity died :
an exploration of how a low budget movie can still be perfectly devoid of clever or original thought despite lacking ties to a major motion picture studio .
" the potential renter whose interest has not been quelled , should find the following blurb on the back of the video case : " the quiroz brothers have proved once again that watching things which you can easily do yourself is not very interesting .
"--mr .
bangla
this would have to be one of the worst , if not the worst , movie i 've ever nearly seen .
( i could n't watch it all the way through ) .
purely and simply it 's gratuitous violence just for the sake of it and the ridiculous story line only adds to the lacklustre and incompetent filming .
sick .
and only suitable for those with a love for manic mutilation .
after murdering several hundred men , women and children , seed is finally caught after effortlessly killing several more police officers that finally get a tip as to his whereabouts .
he 's sentenced to death by electric chair and miraculously survives !
buried alive , he digs his way out and plots revenge against those that put him away and flicked the switch .
needless to say , more gruesome murders ensue ...
i think its time for seagal to go quietly into the night .
what i have just seen makes all his direct to video releases in the last few years look like his early 90 's smash hits in comparison .
a secret bio lab is making a new kind of drug that jacks up a human 's adrenaline system to the point where they become psychopathic killers or something .
somehow seagal is supposed to stop the infection or its the end of the world ... or something .
seagal also went through hit squads like jellybeans , every time i look up he was commanding a new face so it kinda got hard to follow character development as well
i know steven 's athsma prevent him from yelling at the top of his lungs but even so why is he constantly being dubbed by people who sound nothing like him ?
usually the films plot and action sequences can save it from being a total waste of time but this was not even close .
like i said , it was more of a horror movie with a lot of blood and shank stabbing rather than straight up fighting .
the problem was it was n't really scary and seagal
looked completely out of place because the infected people were supposed to have speed of light movement yet
the 40 year old 280 lb seagal killed them all singlehandedly ?
i guess the lone highlight of the movie was the first 20 minutes where the new recruits ask seagal to come to the strip club with them.2 out of 10
i was very skeptical about sacrificing my precious time to watch this film .
i did n't enjoy the first one at all , and the last jean claude van damme film i liked was blood sports !
after managing to sit through it all ?
avoid , avoid , avoid ! !
seeing as the world snooker championship final finished in a premature and disappointing manner with ronnie o`sullivan defeating greame dott by 18 frames to 8 bbc 2
found a gap in their schedule and so decided to broadcast a walk on the moon a movie i had absolutely no knowledge offi missed a few seconds of the title credits
so had no idea viggo mortensen starred in it and thought possibly it might be a cheap tvm , certainly the opening with the mawkish pearl and marty taking their kids to a summer camp
has that sort of made for tv
feel though the brightly lit ( too brightly lit ) cinematography seemed to suggest this was a cinematic film and it wasn`t until the appearence of viggo mortensen as hippy guy walker that i realised this was a cinema release , after all someone of mortensen`s stature wouldn`t star in a tvm , i mean that`s like a legend like robert deniro appearing in a straight to video film .
wait a minute , didn`t bob .... ?
some people on this site have mentioned that pearl and marty are an unconvincing on - screen couple
and i agree .
i can understand why pearl would be attracted to exciting hippy guy but have no idea why walker would be attracted to plain house wife pearl .
the sixties was before my time but surely if you`ve got the choice between hippy chicks and bored house wives it`s not really a choice at all .
mind you a lot of people took lsd in those days
so i guess that explains iti feel the major problem of a walk on the moon comes down to the fact it`s a romantic drama at heart ( just like you`d expect in a tvm ) with several cloying coming of age scenes
so why include a fairly explicit sex scene ?
it jars with the rest of the movie and is possibly off putting to the menopuasal women who were 20 something in 1969 .
i say possibly because the movie also seems to aim at a teeenage market with the coming of age scenes and those teenagers will probably be bored with the historical and social context of man walking on the moon and woodstock .
in other words a walk on the moon tries to attract many types of audience but will probably appeal to none of them
i do n't know where to begin .
the cast is full of people who 've never done anything before or since .
debralee scott is listed on cover boxes , but does not appear in the movie at all .
the writing is quite bad , even for college films .
it 's obviously very low budget , with one scene at the sorority house having extremely choppy editing .
the characters are pretty typical for college films - timid guy , nerd , suave black guy , tough guys , guy with mustache , attractive girl , small town girl , etc .
the featured teacher is about what 's
you 'd expect ...
middle aged heavy set guy who gets sidetracked easily .
if you wan't to see a college flick , stay clear from this one .
it 's so bad , it 's not even funny .
absolutely one of the worst movies i 've seen in a long time !
it starts off badly and just deteriorates .
katherine heigl is woefully miscast in a lolita role and leo grillo manfully struggles with what is essentially a cardboard cutout character .
the only cast - member with any enthusiasm is tom sizemore , who hams it up as a villain and goes completely overboard with his role .
the script is dire , the acting horrible
and it has plot holes big enough to drive a double - decker bus through !
it is also the most sexist movie i have ever seen !
katherine heigl 's character is completely unsympathetic .
she 's seen as an evil , wanton seductress who lures the poor , innocent married man to cheat on his wife .
it is implied throughout the movie that she 's underage , and the message that accompanies that plot - strand just beggars belief !
at the end , she is n't even able to redeem herself by shooting the man who 's obviously ( ha ! )
become demented with rage and guilt , but the script allows him to kill himself , thereby redeeming himself in the eyes of males everywhere .
horrible .
do n't waste your time .
this , is not one of those films it is one of the biggest pieces of tripe i have ever scene , the camera work is trying to be flashy
but it really just crap the whole thing
looks like the red shoe diaries , but without the sex , the only reason i bought this was i wanted to try out dvd
and this was the cheapest one i could find , possibly the worst buy of my life and could have put you off dvd forever , the soundtrack is really tacky and most of the movie is made up of endless repeats of clips from the first two films , why anyone would want to make a movie as awful as this is beyond me , if they had really attempted to make an original movie and failed i would be nicer in this review
but they do
n't they just got the rights to reproduce stuff from the first two and then edit it and repeat it into this film with about maybe under 1 3rd original footage which is about up to the standards of film school students , do not buy this movie .
the only entertainment this dvd can offer is if you were to stick it in the microwave and watch the flashing lights !
utter utter uttter
unbelievable garbage !
if only the voting system would allow that .
elvis has left the building and he 's lucky because he did n't have to watch this unfunny stinker .
scene after scene director joel zwick finds ways to make an unfunny script even less amusing .
filled with unfunny deaths , trite gay characteratures , and hack jokes , this film is more desperate than amusing .
this is the sort of film that makes one hope kim basinger follows doris day into premature retirement .
let us remember her the way she was ( talented ) and not what she 's become .
david leisure , the delicious dennis richards and the rest are all wasted talents here .
zwick finds a way to minimize their talents at every turn .
the guy playing elvis sounds more like gomer than the king .
the only really good bit of casting is the young girl who plays basinger as a preteen .
she really looks like her and is actually pretty good .
the only other reason to watch this film at all is to look for the tom hanks cameo .
the cameo is n't all that funny , but at least its not painful .
one has to wonder if zwick has incriminating pictures of hanks or something that would make him do this movie .
go immediately and rent this movie .
it will be be on a bottom shelf in your local video store and will be covered in dust .
no one will have touched it in years .
it may even be a $ .50 special !
it 's worth ten bucks , i swear !
buy it !
there are n't very many films than can compare with this - the celluloid version of that goo that forms at the bottom of a trash can after a few years .
yes , i gave it a ' 1 , ' but it really deserves much lower .
1 - 10 scales were not designed with stuff like this in mind .
this is quite possibly the most retarded 80 's slasher ever realized , but how can you be harsh on a film that features non - stop images of dozens of gorgeous ladies with exhilarating bodies doing aerobic exercises , taking showers and wandering about in tight gym outfits ?
prior to being a horror film , " aerobicide " is a 90 minutes promo video to encourage the use of steroids , silicons and other body - stimulating fitness products .
if you 'd leave out all the footage of hunky boys lifting weights and yummy girls wiggling their butts and racks to insufferable 80 's tunes , there probably only have about 15 minutes of story left .
plenty of time to improvise a plot about a sadist killer slaughtering young health - freaks with a big safety pin ( yeah  ) .
the film opens with an unintentionally hilarious scene of a girl getting fried between an electric sun - bathing device .
several years later people turn up dead in the same spa .
you do n't really need to be an experienced horror fanatic or a rocket scientist to figure out there 's a link between the murders and the burning incident , now do you ?
investigating the case are a seemingly braindead police officer ( and charles napier look - alike ! )
and a beefcake private detective who gets lucky with the bustiest 80 's beauty
i 've ever seen !
looking through the credits , her name 's dianne copeland apparently , and she did n't do anything else apart from this turkey and an imbecile troma - movie called " surf nazis must die " .
what a wasted opportunity !
she may not have been a great actress , but she sure had two other big advantages that would help her move upwards in show business .
the amount of gore and the quality of the make - up effects are nothing special , neither .
we 're treated to a couple of bizarre stabbings with a pin and some barbecued human flesh .
the plot twists near the end are ridiculous and predictable , but by that time nobody is taking the film seriously anymore , anyway .
" aerobicide " ( a.k.a . "
killer workout " ) is recommended in case you want to switch of all your brain functions off for one night , but nevertheless feel like watching a film !
it actually would make a terrific double - feature with " death spa " .
both films have a lot of sexy and scarcely dressed babes   and both films are pretty dumb .
for those of us that lived thru those weeks of filming in town and around the valley - lest we not forget the tedious days of road closures and " film - making " .
as a reminder to those that live here
- locales include boulder creek , bonny doon , davenport , big basin .
the bank was the bc firehouse ; chase scenes included moon drive off hwy 236 , empire grade rd , and hwy 1.production :
jeffrey jones was the most approachable
, matt broderick was above us all - even back then .
as far as the film goes - a joke of a script and even a bigger laugh regarding acting and plot - but who cares at this level .
a nice time capsule for those that enjoy our coast and valley scenery .
additional notes ; joe 's bar ( jed 's tavern in the film ) , original name of the film was welcome to buzzsaw - the old erba 's parking lot was the town square , the backyard shots were off of grove street in boulder creek ; turn off the thinking cap and see a few actors in their early days .
this film was slated to be a blockbuster film , and it really is .
this is the type of movie that is made to eat popcorn to and watch the flashy graphics .
with that in mind , the movie delivers , perhaps not as well as the ultra flashy iron man , but well enough .
outside of the popcorn munching action and special effects , the film drops off of the cliff faster than wile e. coyote .
many viewers , myself included , will complain about how most of the characters were severely altered , but that only makes the film a poor adaptation , not a poor film .
this film is unsatisfactory for other reasons .
the makers focused more on making it appealing to the eye than they did to the mind .
the characters that have been long awaited and promoted are reduced to 4-scene cameos .
the main characters of wolverine , victor creed ( never called sabertooth in the film ) and colonel stryker are well developed .
i was pleasantly surprised by liev schriber 's performance .
the rest of the characters are tossed to the wayside to make way for the all important eye - candy .
wolverine 's character is fully developed after 30-minutes , as is sabertooth , though victor does pull off some surprises late in the film .
the " final boss " of the film is a twisted and perverse adaptation of the original character and barely gets any development to show just why he is the way he is .
the filmmakers obviously felt that all they really needed to do was create a bad ass character who could do anything they wanted and slapped on the name of a popular character .
very disappointing ...
at least with the teenage geek gets the girl films , the guy is usually unpopular with girls .
in the 40 year old virgin he is replaced with a 40 year old guy who is popular with women but somehow has remained a virgin .
but then you are not supposed to engage your brain with this film or did i miss the bit about him being comatose for 20 years?one of a series of films where 40 somethings act like teenagers and women for some reason
find this a sufficiently attractive quality that they want a serious relationship with them .
i find it hard to understand how a country that has produced such excellent tv comedies seems to think it has to rely on crude and shallow characters for laughs .
they 've done the gross out movies .
they 've done the let 's act like all americans have a mental age of 15 .
where will they go next ?
this film is crass and crude entertainment with nothing to recommend it .
and , finally , old , old michael corleone falls over and goes ' thump ! '
who really did the writing for this last installment of the godfather saga ?
probably the same staff who does " as the world turns .
" this flick does n't deserve the title " godfather " at all .
let 's call this one
" the cosas of our nostras " or " all my capos " .
as someone who 's encountered a number of mafia people in my business life , i can say without exception , that i 've never met any mobster as inwardly - conflicted and contemplative as michael corleone .
let 's face it , these guys are in the mafia solely because they 're greedy , nothing more .
in this film , don corleone spends lots of time pondering his past deeds and his bleak future , perhaps even the afterlife , then recovers remarkably fast in order to pull off some fantastic business deal or order the death of this one or that one like the big time operator he is , deep down .
then , there 's his failed marriage .
after the break - up scenes in g2 , we may hope that michael & kay will reunite as man and wife , but here they seem to just become very good , platonic friends who can laugh & cry & share intimate thoughts about their lives .
it 's as if the screenwriters try to make michael into a woman .
it 's bizarre behavior for two people who shared the passion of the marriage bed for 9 years .
there 's some miscasting here and there , or perhaps they 're sins of authorship .
poor , old - country - beautiful sophia coppola is saddled with a hopeless role , with too many short lines in the film that do n't fit what a young woman would say in casual conversations - was given " remarks " rather than " lines " to emote .
her ' passionate ' lovemaking scene with andy garcia looks like something from a bad teen sex comedy as they chew their open - mouthed kisses and fondle each others backsides on the kitchen drainboard like marionettes ...
scullery sex was brought off wonderfully by glenn close and michael douglas , but it 's just laughable here .
then , there 's andy 's character , vinnie mancini , who 's also given a difficult & thankless role to play .
he 's expected , i guess , to be the new , new don corleone , but he 's almost handed the job on a silver platter and has to do little to strengthen his position , unlike michael 's simultaneous hits on all 5 families in g1 .
this hand - me - down process may be an authentic way of transferring power in a mafia family , but why is so much made of this boring routine ?
certainly , don vincent may earn the respect of his fellow gangsters someday , but there 's little character revelations in the script to give us a portrait of this young man , sadly .
puzo did such a fine job of quickly & concisely developing michael 's character in g1 .
but , g3 has no economy in it 's story - telling
and we suffer through drawn out expositories until we just want to take a snooze .
thirdly , george hamilton was also handed a thankless task , in taking over as family lawyer after robt duvall reportedly turned down a 3rd installment as tom hagen .
george wisely underplayed his role , so it came off without damage to the actor .
the development of connie corleone 's character is interesting , but it goes too far when she takes murderous matters into her own hands ( she could well end up sleeping with the fredos , if this were the real world ) .
but , it 's not all bad .
the assassination scene in the hotel penthouse is nifty !
also , " they keep pulling me back in " or words to that effect is a great line .
and , we recover some old - country feel as we get to go back to sicily , even if it 's all done in 1989 and they 've got modern cars & haircuts .
the plot lines involving the corrupt hierarchy of the catholic church are pretty interesting , since it 's based on some actual financial shenanigans at banco vaticani in the 1980 's , but it 's brought too far , again , with the too - spectacular death scenes , etc .
the grand opera scenes are very dramatic and well photographed .
but , the death scene of mary toward the end is an unbalanced attempt of emotional - manipulation , at best .
all screenwriters need to learn that we do n't always need more and more death in order to bring a mafia movie to a successful conclusion .
you feel sorry for kay that her daughter is dead , she plays her grief so well , but michael 's reaction is hammy , hammy , hammy .
then , michael dies sometime in the 21st century , in sicily , alone on a grand estate , of heart - failure ...
no grandson to play with before his demise
, no wife to grieve for him .
what should have happened in the last 1/2 of this movie is michael being tracked down by someone like rudy guilliani , put on trial , all his dirty family 's sleazy little enterprises and bloodthirsty indulgences brought into the light of day , michael then convicted under rico statutes and sent to federal prison for life ... then he can keel over dead from heart - failure while mopping a floor in leavenworth .
that 's how mafia dons were ending their careers in the late 80 's and early 90 's
and they got much better treatment than what they deserved .
phew -- i do n't what to say .
this is a film that could be really good a with a bunch of stoned viewers .
some of the acting reminded me of john waters ' early offerings .
perhaps i should take that back
-- i do n't want to insult waters ' ability as a director / storyteller .
i particularly loved the lawyer taking about the " full faith and credibility " clause .
it 's " full faith and credit , " by the way!this
also reminds me of " the conrad boys , " where the main actor is also the writer , director , film editor , etc .
those sort of multi - involved undertakings such as that are probably best left to very seasoned film professionals who would have the technical ability ( albeit a stunt , some might say ) to pull something off like that .
phantom of the mall is a film that fits best in the " easily forgotten " category .
it 's a pretty lousy variant on the famous story by gaston leroux , the phantom of the opera .
not a bad idea to itself , but the plot and production of this movie are way to weak to bring a decent homage to that story .
on the bright side , gaston leroux does n't has to turn over in his grave just yet .
it could have been a lot worse .
phantom of the mall has too many useless flashbacks in it
and way too many boring sequences to make it memorable .
also , the scriptwriters wanted to give too much draught to the story than necessary .
and even though there 's a lot of mystery getting build up about the character of eric ... the basic plot is ordinary and déjà - vu .
* * * spoilers
it 's about a young couple that brutally gets torn apart because the boy gets killed in a fire .
that fire was set to his house because he and his parents refused to sell their home in order to make room for a huge mall to be build .
the boy survived the fire and he has hidden himself in the mall to avenge himself .
meanwhile he guards his girl who now works in the mall and tries to forget her loss
* * * * end spoilers
this pretty simple - but rather effective - plot gets thickened by lots of pointless elements and annoying conspiracy theories .
while it should just be an entertaining horror movie , it desperately tries to be an intelligent thriller ... and that 's not what the fans look for .
there are a few innovative killings but they 're not satisfying enough for people who want to see a relaxing horror movie .
and besides , phantom of the mall could have used at least a bit of humor ! !
this entire production - the cast included - takes itself way too serious .
i 'll try to finish with a few positive aspects ...
like for example , it stars ken foree ! !
die - hard horror fans will certainly recognize him as peter for dawn of the dead !
that 's like the horror milestone that yet has to find an equal .
even though his role in this movie is limited and even completely unnecessary ...
it was good to see him again .
tv - movie fans will also recognize morgan fairchild as the mayor , she 's a fine actress and an elegant lady .
pauly shore is also in this
but i ca n't stand him ...
so my opinion about him may be a bit biased .
and finally , a bit of praise for the leading actress named kari whitman .
she 's an extremely beautiful girl
and she does have a bit of talent ...
too bad she never made it to the top .
actually , this movie is her biggest achievement and that says enough about her career ...
i like chris rock , but i feel he is wasted in this film .
the idea of remaking heaven
can wait is fine , but the filmmakers followed the plot of that turkey too closely .
when eddie murphy remade dr. doolittle and the nutty professor , he re - did them
totally -- so they became murphy films / vehicles , not just tepid remakes .
that 's why they were successful .
if chris had done the same , this could have been a much better film .
the few laughs that come are when he is doing his standup routine -- so he might as well have done a concert film .
it also would have been much funnier if the white man whose body he inhabits was a truck driver or hillbilly .
so why does hollywood keep making junk like this ?
because people go to see it -- because they like chris rock .
so give chris a decent script and give us better movies !
do n't remake films that were n't that good in the first place !
this must be accompanied by a special rating and warning : not recommended to normal
people.the obsession of daneliuc with the most dirty body functions becomes here a real nightmare .
also , it 's evident that the man is a misanthrope , he hates everybody - his country his people , his actors , his job .
and this hatred makes him blind and he forgets anymore the profession he knew long ago .
this so called " film " is just a hideous string of disgusting images , with no artistic value and no professionist knowledge .
it is an insult to good taste and to good sense .
shame , shame , shame !
( spoilers in this)"rosenstraße " is a movie about heroic women in german nazi time .
but it is way too long , it is not touching and sometimes even boring !
there are too many clichés and not enough good acting .
the storytelling ( storyline ) is bad .
like in james cameron´s titanic an old woman remembers events of her live .
good , now we´ve got a point of view .
than there is another woman introduced who does the same .
confusing is that they both are recalling events of lifes of other people !
come on !
this is a lack of knowledge of basic story telling ...
how can riemann know about the fate of the little girl´s mother and her interrogation for example?the scenes are shown in the wrong order and you rarely know when it took place .
for example the scene when riemann is proposing to fabian .
when did that happen ?
the scene looks like it is set in the twenties ...
riemann´s character is of course a talented pianist , well , she is even a baroness !
her brother comes back from the eastern front , he has received a " ritterkreuz " which he is showing in some scenes .
so he is a war hero and still a fine man who preserved his conscience .
and he gained knowledge of massacres committed by germans .
he even made some photographs !
and so it goes , cliché after cliché is piling up and this is why the movie does not work .
basically von trotta made a chick flick out of something what could have been a decent movie .
and in the end it´s all very simple .
riemann finds a way to get goebbels into bed and - ta
- everyone is free .
which is not a historical fact but pure imagination despite the " true story " claim at the beginning .
like " sass " it is vaguely based on a true event .
it is sad but true , this is the typical german movie these days .
it is bad !
macaulay j. connor
i liked the initial premise to this film which is what led me to hunt it out
but the problem i quickly found is that one pretty much knows what 's going to happen within the first 20 - 30 minutes ( the doubles will come from behind the mirror and take over everybody).there is no real twist ( which is fine ) , but the final reveal does n't make a great deal of sense either ( how can she be racked with uncertainty and fear for the whole film , if she 's an evil i d from beyond the mirror?).admittedly
the scenes ' beyond the mirror ' were chilling when they first appeared and the blonde 's murder is also effectively creepy , but ultimately alas
this seems to be a film in search of a story or a more engaging script , piling atmosphere upon atmosphere and over the top scary sound design for 80 - 90 minutes
does not really cut it , in fact it gets quite dull .
i wholeheartedly disagree with the other viewers of this wretched film .
the only reason why i did n't rate it 1 for awful was due to the great talent of carmen miranda .
the beginning and end are the best parents due to her gifted singing and dancing .
the problem is with the rest of the picture .
alice faye comes off quite hollow .
don ameche has a great singing voice but with the wretched writing material , he comes off so terribly corny .
the plot is a real stiff here with ameche assuming two parts as a song and dance man and a baron not happily married to faye .
it seems that by playing the song and dance man , ameche 's marriage gets a second change to reignite .
some silly nonsense about the baron having to clear up business and being away allows him to play both parts .
s.z. sakal is given little to do here
and so his comedic gifts are not given the opportunity to shine .
ditto for j. carrol naish who actually appears uncomfortable in his role .
this is a chica chica boom bomb of a film .
this movie is so bad , you almost feel contaminated by it .
actually , there is a strong sense of relief when it 's over , relief that you can now put the cassette back in the rewinder and rush this back to the video rental store before it contaminates the rest of your video collection .
i jokingly suggested when we rented it that it looked like the kind of film where william hurt would " phone in " his performance .
i meant that he would not be trying very hard .
but lo and behold , in a huge number of scenes in this film , bill hurt is actually on the phone !
our realization of this irony was the only pleasure we derived from this confusing mess .
the cinematography and editing are murky and befuddled , the story is chaotic , and the soundtrack is barely audible .
there is a very slight resemblance to " falling down " , but that film had a boldly disturbing story - line , great writing and acting , and an engaging soundtrack .
contaminated man " is just some kind of broken down old european tourist trap , and watching it is like driving along some unfamiliar back road in an unknown country where you do n't speak the language in a steady rain just after nightfall as the windshield keeps fogging up .
you get the picture ?
do n't get this one .
all the world said that the film tashan would be a good movie with great pleasure , but this is not the case .
vijay krishna acharya made a serious mistake to take as an actress kareena kapoor .
she was unbearable throughout the film .
her tom - boy look does not really goes well .
even the film the story of the film is not making sense at all .
everyone said that the quetin taratino of india is vijay but its not at all quetin .
the talent anil kapoor was involved in this stupid movie .
anil is an actor of large caliber and this film is not .
akshay kumar has also been a victim of this film as all is saif .
the style and the phoormola is not really good in this film
i was disappointed
i think that my favorite part of this movie , the one that exemplifies the sheer pointless , stupidity and inanity of the proceedings , comes at the climax of the film .
doctor ted nelson and his unmarried friend the sheriff have finally cornered the melting man on a landing on some stairs in an electrical generating plant .
keep in mind that nelson has been looking for the mm for nearly the entire film , and that the mm has killed and eaten several people at this point ( including his boss ) , and nelson is very aware that mm is violently insane and hungry for human flesh and blood .
so the sheriff has his gun pointed at mm , who is , and i give the movie and rick baker props for this , the most disgusting and terrifying object in human form that we have ever seen .
and he yells a very important question to doctor ted nelson : "
what do we do now ? ! ? ! ?
the camera cuts over to doctor ted nelson , and it 's obvious that ted has no idea what to do next .
apparently ted was so intent on the problem of finding the melting man , he never thought to bring along some restraining devices , a lasso , or straitjacket , or a net , or some tranquilizer darts , or maybe a new age tape by vangelis to soothe the savage beast .
so the sheriff panics and shoots , the melting man goes berserk , and hilarity ensues .
maybe this explains why nasa has been screwing around with the space shuttle program in sub - lunar space for the last 30 years instead of going back to the moon or out to mars like everyone knows they ought to be doing .
i dunno .
anyway , that 's the kind of lousy , lazy writing and direction that undercuts every aspect of this movie .
it 's hard to say how good the actors actually are , because the movie has complete contempt for their characters .
two other incredibly painful sequences also ramp up the stupidity of the proceedings : there is a scene featuring the lumpiest old couple in the world trying to steal lemons from a grove , only to be torn apart by the melting man .
this scene is a nadir in 70s cinema .
i can guarantee you 've never watched a more pointless and irritating setup with odder looking people in your entire life .
and the melting man 's assault on the lady who lives in the house where they keep a horse who pees on the walls defies every attempt to process it.(btw , i think famous film director jonathon demme has a walk - on in this scene as the redneck husband who goes in first to check on the house and never comes out again ) .
the only thing that keeps the actress from literally chewing the scenery is that , as i said , their horse has apparently been peeing on it .
and we are forced to watch her hysterics for at least two minutes longer than any sane film director would hold the shot .
burr debenning ought to beat the crap out of imm 's director and photographer .
i remember him from an old columbo episode where he looked much better than he does here
- no one 's idea of a leading man , but solid and unobtrusive .
but no one could possibly be as unappealing in real life as his director makes him look here .
everyone else comes off a little better except for the old couple ( and shut up
, i know they were being played for laughs , but i ai n't laughing ! )
but not much .
this definitely falls into the '
so bad you ca n't look away ' category of cinema disasters .
still , i 'd watch it again before i 'd watch a lot of other 70 's and 80 's abortions ( " track of the moonbeast " and " it lives by night " come to mind ) , and mst 's coverage of it is great fun , so if you get a chance , watch the mst version .
oh , brother .
the only reason this very irritating film avoids getting the total " bomb " from me is because it 's at least historically noteworthy as the first three stooges film ( when they were n't yet on their own and were still saddled with that painfully unfunny ted healy ) .
but even as a longtime stooges fan i 'd have to say that young moe , larry and curly are badly used here as three zany assistant janitors to mr. healy 's taller boss janitor .
they 're not featured steadily through the movie and
their silly on - and - off - again stints paint them more like zany overactive cartoon characters trying too hard to be amusing .
most of this toothache deals with jack pearl seeking in vain to get some chuckles from the audience himself as a man who impersonates baron munchausen ( here 's a good example of the level of humor : " i object ! "
" on what grounds ? " " coffee grounds ! " ) .
his sidekick is none other than a young jimmy durante , but even the schnoz himself is a bore .
sadly , this is not ' the best british gore film since hellraiser ' , though the dvd cover claims this , which is what tricked me into buying it .
it is , however , an homage to many of the great horrors of old , films from most notably the amicus stable .
cradle ... is shot on mini dv , which though we all know has more of a tv feel than a movie , can be done so much better .
every scene , set and shot looks like it has been lit in exactly the same way ( standard key , fill , rear setup ) , which only enhances the cheap look of the finished piece .
the gore content is , quite frankly , laughable .
from the opening shots where we see a man 's obviously foam rubber head torn apart , through to tacky cheap prop hammers , the creature effects and the terrible cg , there was nothing in there that impressed me at all .
the acting is abominable , from the near - comatose detective to the brummie dwarf , via dani filth , the least convincing horror movie bad guy i have ever witnessed .
each of the substories is more formulaic than the last , and the sets get worse and worse as the movie runs .
look out for the ' mental asylum ' - a georgian semi detached house with a bad cg sign outside , and the most bizarre ( and not in a good way ) padded cell i have seen .
it took me four attempts to get to the end of the film without my attention wandering ( nay , running ) away at any available opportunity .
i actually found myself dusting at one point while the film was running .
it does , however , mark one of the last known appearances of emily booth 's breasts , which i guess is one ( um , two ) things it has going for it .
once that 's out of the way though , it is all downhill .
i've heard people say good things about alex chandon , and i would love to believe them , but on this evidence i 'm not likely to .
if you want a decent homage to amicus , avoid this and go for the league of gentlemen christmas special instead .
currently battling it out with blair witch 2 : book of shadows for the title of worst film i have ever seen .
certainly nomad has some of the best horse riding scenes , swordplay , and scrumptious landscape cinematography you 'll likely see , but this is n't what makes a film good .
it helps but the story has to shine through on top of these things .
and that 's where nomad wanders .
the story is stilted , giving it a sense that it was thrown together simply to make a " cool " movie that " looks " great .
not to mention that many of the main characters are not from the region in which this story takes place ( and it 's blatantly obvious with names like lee and hernandez ) .
if movie makers want to engross us in a culture like the jugars and the kazaks , they damn well better use actors / actresses that look the part .
warring tribes , a prophecy , brotherly love and respect , a love interest that separates our " heroes " , are all touched on but with so little impact and screen time that most viewers will brush them aside in favor of the next battle sequence , the next action horse scene , or the breathtaking beauty of the landscape .
it is worth mentioning that there were some significant changes made to nomad during its filming , specifically the director and cinematographer .
ivan passer ( director ) was replaced by sergei bodrov , and ueli steiger ( cinematographer ) was replaced by dan laustsen .
in one respect , laustsen seems to have the better eye since his visions of the lands made the final cut that we see here .
definitely a good thing .
however , the changing over to bodrov as director may not have been the wisest choice .
from what i 'm seeing here , the focus is on the battles and not the people , which i sense comes from bodrov 's eyes and not passer 's .
a true travesty .
the most shameful aspect is that this could 've been a really fantastic film , with both character and action focuses .
unfortunately , the higher - ups apparently decided that action was what was needed and took the cheap ( intellectually speaking ) way out .
even though i ca n't give this film a positive rating , it is worth watching simply for the amazing cinematography work .
but that 's all .
a slow , tedious , and one dimensional movie !
good casting with clichéd dialogue , boring story line , and soulless direction from mr marshal !
the conventional and predictable story of the most famous form of prostitution from the asian continent , lacks heart , new insights , and depth .
the lead character looks out of place due to her tiny phisique and phony looking contact lenses .
the lexicon employed by the geishas sounds forced and a bit too sophisticated for their limited exposure in the ways of education .
the story goes on and on for hours trying to convince you this little , boring , flat chested asian girl is the ultimate geisha , they actually say in the movie " she is destined to become a legend "
i say hardy the case !
the movie is just plain boring
, it is beautiful to look at , it has a very few interesting moments as many as you may find by going out for cigarretes .
basically , if you do n't believe the messenger you wo nt believe the message , and this girl did n't fill the shoe !
borin , boring , skip it !
camp blood iii is a vast improvement on camp blood ii as it has sound mostly in the right places and a rudimentary plot .
this time they 've ventured slightly further away from the car park the other two movies were filmed in which is a good move as you can no longer hear cars driving past what is supposed to be a remote wilderness .
this time around there 's a reality tv show and a fake clown to scare off the contestants .
this is hardly a new idea , i 've seen at least three other horror movies with exactly the same premise where the real killer turns up but at least this one has a plot instead of people just randomly being stabbed with a knife .
unlike the other two in the series this one is at least good for a few laughs .
i liked how there 's a gunshot sound effect when someone gets stabbed early on and the way the boom
mike hovers behind people like a phantom .
i do n't know why anyone would want to make a third camp blood film , i would have thought it would be better to start from scratch
but they have at least tried with this one .
the half naked deformed woman was a bit much for me , it looks like they tried to keep continuity by hiring some freak who would get her clothes off for $ 5 just like they did in the second movie .
they still have n't worked out that a machete is used for cutting not stabbing
oh well , it 's a camp blood movie what do you expect ?
if you like crap films you 'll get some fun out of this one .
i love special effects and witnessing new technologies that make science fiction seem real .
the special effects of this movie are very good .
i have seen most of this movie , since it 's been airing on hbo for the past couple of months .
i must admit , i may have missed a few scenes , but i 'm usually drawn into movies , and have seen some scenes more than once .
but every time i see some of " hollow man , " i feel depressed , almost like a " film noir .
" i 'm not sure why ; perhaps it 's that i do n't want kevin bacon to be evil , and there 's disappointment in that .
but i think it 's witnessing just how relentlessly evil he becomes .
regardless , i can recommend this movie for excitement ( although some parts move slowly ) , but i do not recommend for youngsters under the age of 14 ( perhaps 12 , if they are mature ) .
seeing all of the negative reviews for this movie , i figured that it could be yet another comic masterpiece that was n't quite meant to be .
i watched the first two fight scenes , listening to the generic dialogue delivered awfully by lungren , and all of the other thrown - in oriental actors , and i found the movie so awful that it was funny .
then brandon lee enters the story and the one - liners start flying , the plot falls apart , the script writers start drinking and the movie wears out it 's welcome , as it turns into the worst action movie
ever.lungren beats out his previous efforts in " the punisher " and others , as well as all of van damme 's movies , seagal 's movies , and stallone 's non - rocky movies , for this distinct honor .
this movie has the absolute worst acting ( check out tia carrere 's face when she is in any scene with dolph , that 's worth a laugh ) , with the worst dialogue ever ( brandon lee 's comment about little dolph is the worst line ever in a film ) , and the worst outfit in a film ( dolph in full japanese attire ) .
picture " tango and cash " with worse acting , meets " commando , " meets " friday the 13th " ( because of the senseless nudity and lungren 's performance is very jason voorhees - like ) , in an hour and fifteen minute joke of a movie .
the good ( how about not awful ) performances go to the bad guy ( who still looks constipated through his entire performance ) and carrere ( who somehow says her 5 lines without breaking out laughing ) .
brandon lee is just there being lungren 's sidekick , and doing a really awful job at that .
an awful , awful movie .
fear it and avoid it .
if you do watch it though , ask yourself why the underwater shots are twice as clear as most non - underwater shots .
speaking of the underwater shots , check out the lame water fight scene with the worst fight - scene - ending ever .
this movie has every version of a bad fight scene for those with short attention spans and to fill - in between the flashes of nudity .
a bad bad movie ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the most ridiculous thing about this ridiculous movie is its conceit that if one becomes a saint , he or she and his or her family and his or her significant other live forever .
let 's forget that in order to become a saint , the saint must be dead , and saints do n't have significant others .
that , for a millennium , nick has been the jolly elf to fred 's scrooge is never even hinted at !
open on nick learning how to make toys , then on fred learning how to run numbers
; nick giving a sick child a dolly , fred repossessing the dolly , along with the family farm !
after a few more such episodes , morph to present - day fred venting his spleen at siblings anonymous as his fellow losers nod in empathy .
there , i just wrote a more cohesive storyline than this idiocy!this santa , who is one " ho , ho , ho , ho , ho " away from a massive coronary , is a neurotic wuss saddled with the queen of the harpies , an operation straight out of mega - mall hell , and answers to a board ( huh ? )
which just gave the easter bunny his pink egg .
oh , and his right - hand man is a ditzy blonde in a skin - tight mini - dress and go - go boots .
ho ...
ho ...
ho ...
ho ...
ho!but
what really sent me over the edge was slam being named # 1 on the naughty list .
should n't a naughty list be reserved for the future hitlers and stalins ?
children who are the true embodiments of evil ?
nope , to old sausage - fingers , a good boy who lashes out because he is unwanted and unloved is the demon seed!the nimrods behind fred claus should be boiled in their own pudding !
my friends and i went into this movie not knowing what to expect , but hoping for the best .
when we came out , we were only slightly more informed on what the plot of the movie actually was .
though not the worst movie i 've ever seen , i definitely do not recommend spending your money to see it in theaters .
maybe have a friend rent it for you ( it 's not even worth
the rental cost , either )
if you really want to see it .
when a movie is so convoluted that you have no idea what 's going on until the last five minutes , there 's really not much that can be said in its defense .
the acting was decent , more than you 'd expect to get from this movie , and some of the shots were good , but it was all bogged down by a lame plot and poor script .
this movie was actually so bad that as soon as it got out , i went and purchased a ticket to see a good movie just to cleanse my mind .
i recommend that all of you just skip the first step and go see a good movie instead .
i did not think this movie was worth anything bad script , bad acting except for janine turner , no fantasy , stupid plot , dumb - ass husband and unfair divorce settings .
if you have never seen this movie before do n't even bother it 's not worth it at all .
the only thing that was good about it was that janine turner , did a good job acting .
terry 's husband is a stuck up smart - ass defense attorney who has won a lot of cases and even gotten guility murderers off .
he think he is so smart
but he is really just a nut .
her best friend has an affair with her husband and betrays her .
nice girl
yeah she 's a real peach , not .
she 's no day at the beach either .
i had to watch this film because the plot was so outrageous and the film lived up to expectations .
in fact it makes for quite uncomfortable viewing at times .
unlike other meyer films , the sexual antics are down to a minimum .
some of the scenes of violence are unnecessarily gratuitous and offensive .
the plot is chaotic and some of the acting and lines are dreadful .
the film is a strange combination of sado - masochistic fantasy combined with a window of the brutality and immorality of the slavery and fails on all counts .
it 's as though meyer was trying to make up for the sexploitation/ blackploitation by having a higher moral message .
meyer knows we feel a bit guilty about getting turned on by the blatant dominatrix connotations of the early scene showing lady susan wielding a whip in a provocative outfit .
he then tries to steer back to the righteous path by turning it into a film about the triumph of good over evil .
however , because they cancel each other out , you end up with nothing .
because it so bad in so many ways , it is actually worth watching if you appreciate the art of making an awful film in the worst possible taste .
perhaps , because it is so bad , we almost let meyer get away with the unacceptable .
entrails of a virgin is so bizarre and incomprehensible that it allows the viewer to interpret it subjectively , applying whatever meaning he wishes to its inexplicable excesses of sex and violence .
if this was an intentional characteristic of the film , it would be a work of postmodern brilliance - but of course it is n't .
without getting too much into plot summary , let 's take a quick walking tour of the events .
at a secluded cabin , an orgy is in progress , which includes topless wrestling and diaper p***ing .
a vanload of latecomers joins the orgy in progress , but they have unwittingly been followed by a monster i like to call " the muddy ninja .
this monster precedes to slay orgy participants one by one , except the proverbial virgin
( if you do n't count oral sex ) who receives his seed and consequently becomes so passionate with desire that she masturbates with someone 's severed hand .
finally she has her guts pulled out , and then there 's a scene which seems to imply that she 's pregnant with a baby muddy ninja .
got all that ?
if you 're going to rent this movie , it 's best if you do n't speak japanese and do n't have any subtitles .
in a season populated by boring hollywood flicks , putting this in your vcr might be the cinematic equivalent of shock therapy .
it will certainly be something different .
i usually like zombie movies , but this one was just plain bad .
the good parts : girl swimming topless with thong bottoms , sonya salomaa 's topless , and ona grauer 's boobs jiggling in a skimpy top when she ran .
the bad part : too much video cuts , too much matrix slow motion ( it drags the action ) , not enough blood and guts , bad acting , and no story .
the only other person in the theater was smart and left right after the topless swimming scene .
a total waste of $ 6 and time .
i give it a 2 out of 10 .
' ninteen eighty - four ' is a film about a futuristic society in which the government controls everything and no one can be trusted .
it is a very dark film , and it is one that will not make you feel good about yourself .
it is about a romance taking place in this society and the betrayal of the lovers and about human nature being self - centred .
the film has some very good ideas and is done well in portraying this society with the dark tones in colours ( contrasting with happiness and bright colours in the dreams ) and a general feeling of loneliness through objects and people and places .
however , despite the film 's cleverness at portraying this idea , the film was very slow and did not seem to quite get the idea across .
it seemed to spend too much time being clever rather than telling a story .
story of a man who has unnatural feelings for a pig .
starts out with a opening scene that is a terrific example of absurd comedy .
a formal orchestra audience is turned into an insane , violent mob by the crazy chantings of it 's singers .
unfortunately it stays absurd the whole time with no general narrative eventually making it just too off putting .
even those from the era should be turned off .
the cryptic dialogue would make shakespeare seem easy to a third grader .
on a technical level it 's better than you might think with some good cinematography by future great vilmos zsigmond .
future stars sally kirkland and frederic forrest can be seen briefly .
this is indeed a god adaptation of jane austen 's novel .
compared with the american version with guinneth paltrow , the script was written to resemble as much as possible the book .
but the acting was awful .
besides kate beckinsale , who i believe was a true likeness of the emma in the book , all the other actors were trying too hard .
mark strong was not the " gentleman " he was supposed to be .
he was often rude and offensive , had no feeling whatsoever , and throughout the entire film you could not see his love " growing " for emma at all .
this had a terrible effect on kate beckinsale , who seemed to be trying to " resque " her leading role as well as her partner 's .
moreover , there was no chemistry between the entire cast .
hariett smith , played by samantha morton , seemed to have no real attachment to mr. elton , played by dominic rowan .
therefore , she did not seem as heartbroken as she was portrayed in the book .
the settings of the film are also too poor .
the costumes are even more so .
i would have imagined emma woodhouse to dress in a more fashionable and elegant way that she does here .
the ending is also too long .
it is good that it resembles the book 's ending , but it is a killer ending for a film .
and again , i can see no feeling of happiness in the face of mr . knightley .
to conclude , i believed this adaptation to be loyal to the book , but with poor actors .
it seemed as if the film was made without any budget at all .
i would prefer to see the " lighter " version with paltrow and northam , even if it is clear that it was made to be a " blockbuster " , than to watch these actors ( excepting the good olivia williams and the better kate beckinsale ) ruin the entire script .
i am a big movie fan .
i like movies of all types .
this is arguably the worst movie i 've ever seen .
i get that it follows the book closely , which raises the point that not everything should be made into a movie .
especially since the authenticity of the experiences in the book have been called into question more than once .
these characters are not quirky , they are mentally ill .
the things that happen are not funny , they are disturbing ; especially considering they are supposed to be true .
this movie had the feel of the royal tenenbaums , another movie i hated , only running with scissors was even more dysfunctional and less funny .
i will never get those hours back .
i wanted to wash my brain after watching .
simply , i found the tv show " mash " trite , preachy ,
oh ever so " politically correct " , repetitious , pretentious and biggest sin of all , and that is , ?
that it is ( was ) incredibly dull .
you have alan alda as the main lead , " ( star ) " , who is so in love with himself and his cleverness , that it actually made me uncomfortable to even try and sit through an episode .
the original series had both mclean stevson , and wayne rogers , whom i 'll happily admit had a certain panache and style to their character presentation .
however , harry ( henry ) morgan , and mike farrell , both singularly and compositely together is like eating caviar and fresh oysters with wonder bread .
loretta swit , which i also found dull , also to no fault of her own was n't a wonder to look at , and gary burghoff , who was good in the movie got tired looking and acting as the show wore on .
seeing one show a year showed that to me .
jamie farr was just low brow " comedy " and is not even worth really mentioning here at all .
the reason i did not give it a ( one ) rating , which anyone reading this by now would be wondering , is that ratings of any sort is not only a subjective call , but a relative one .
television , except for relatively few exceptions , is such crud .
that relatively speaking , mash had some production quality , ( by television standards ) of that era and today , and therefore it is deserved of a two .
rob ritter
i love memoirs of a geisha
so i read the book twice ; it is one of the best book i 've read last year .
i was looking forward to the movie and was afraid that reading the book would ruin the viewing pleasure of the movie .
i was n't expecting the movie to be that bad .
some of the best part of the book was omitted from the movie and the characters were weak with hatsumomo
( li gong)been the worst .
if i have n't read the book , this movie would be a little confusing and inexplicable .
the plot outline of the movie states " nitta sayuri reveals how she transcended her fishing ...
" did anyone see how or when sayuri became nitta sayuri ?
forget the movie and read the book .
vijay krishna acharya 's ' tashan ' is a over - hyped , stylized , product .
sure its a one of the most stylish films , but when it comes to content , even the masses will reject this one .
the films script is as amateur as a 2 year old baby .
script is king , without a good script even the greatest director of all - time can not do anything .
tashan is produced by the most successful production banner ' yash raj films ' and mega stars appearing in it .
but nothing on earth can save you if you script is bland .
thumbs down !
performances :
anil kapoor , is a veteran actor .
but how could he okay a role like this ?
akshay kumar is great actor , in fact he 's the sole saving grace .
kareena kapoor has never looked so hot .
she looks stunning and leaves you , all stand up .
saif ali khan does n't get his due in here .
sanjay mishra , manoj phawa and yashpal sharma are wasted .
'tashan ' is a boring film .
the films failure at the box office , should you keep away .
this was one of those films that got a ton of play on the airwaves in the early 1970 's , usually on the " 4 am movie " or one time , on the 7:30 pm " channel 6 big movie " and still another on creature double feature .
when local channels used to run movies as part of their local programming(mostly gone today in favor of infomercial time )
it was of the time .
a couple of low - rent abbott and costello wannabees(frankie ray and robert ball ) are in a platoon of soldiers(half a dozen guys in army surplus remainders ) who are sent on field maneuvers to look into some strange radiation , and wind up encountering extraterrestrials .
they first go into bronson canyon to what would be later the famous batcave on batman , and encounter the remains of a dead " carrot monster " .
later , in the cave they 're chased by a living carrot creature - basically a guy in black suit and paper mache head , with sparkly things on it and ping - pong ball eyes .
two of them - complete geeks , ray and ball - are captured and wake up tied to tables and are being " examined " by space amazons - dr poona(nooo kidding ! ) and professor tanga who are stunningly beautiful and even moreso in their skimpy bikini " uniforms " .
we were too young at the time , to realize what later bondage and fetish scenarios this " examination " scene would more than suggest .
turns out that the two gals and their carrot monster , are stranded on earth with a ship that 's well hidden and are trying to return to their world .
the film was made as a total comedy with varying degrees of taste but remember this was of the time when eric von zipper and his crew from frankie and annette 's films , were the height of b - film , drive - in comedy .
so it only seemed a natural to jump on the bandwagon for some quick bucks .
for some reason i only thought i 'd imagined seeing this film to start with .
no , i really saw it .
and when it was released on " restored " dvd i was assured in my memory .
the comedy goes from mildly funny to just plain stupid , but whatever .
the budget is non - existent , which , is a minor miracle when you think about it , that it even got made and we can talk about a " restored " version here and now - over 40 years later .
the payoff is the girls who want to learn about " love " and " kissing " and , the upshot is the geeks - which all of us were-
get the girls and love wins out .
it 's just goofy and silly and for the locations , has nostalgic significance .
jason lee 's pecks are back !
if that 's what you are looking for , look no further .
if not , better move on ...
but about the movie .
clichés galore , some poorly shot but kinda exotic fight scenes ( used jkd ) and lots of bad acting & cheap effects .
poor lee looks like he 's in pain throughout the movie , and no wonder .
not a pleasant comeback .
the movie does n't even cut it as a b - movie - sure , there was a germanish bleached blonde rutger - wannabe bad guy , but no gratuitous sex scene or even a single booty shots .
none .
nada .
even in starship troopers 2 they had the common sense to include the mandatory nudie scenes ( as for rest of my comments on that excellent piece of classic cinema excellence , please refer to our upcoming review on that mind - blowing sequel ... ) .
i did get the feeling that the writer was taking his revenge on somebody with this - thus i wo n't get into the " plot " of the movie or pretty much anything else related .
except that it did have some non - heterosexual overtones , so 'nuff said .
however , this movie has one thing going for it - no jean - claude :)
not to be confused with lewis teague 's " alligator " ( 1980 ) which actually is an excellent film , this " il fiume del grande caimano " laboriously ends the exotic trilogy sergio martino made around the end of the seventies ( including the rather watchable " l'isola degli uomini pesce " and the not so good " la montagna del dio cannibale " ) .
tracing outrageously the plot of " jaws " , the script fails at creating any suspense what so ever .
the creature is ludicrous and its victims are simply despicable .
stelvio cipriani 's lame tune poorly illustrates the adventures of these silly tourists presented from the very beginning as the obvious items of the reptile 's meal .
no thrill out of this , rather laughters actually !
and we could find this pitiful flick quite funny if the dialogs and the appearance of the natives were not so obviously inspired by pure racism .
very soon the giggling stops in favor of a sour feeling witnessing such a patronizing attitude .
we could excuse badly made films and poor fxs , but not that kind of mentality .
never !
during the first 3 seasons fairly odd parents was as tasty as hard candy , bright and sweet and addictive .
now it 's as tasty as pepto - bismol .
and unfortunately pepto - bismol is what you 'll need after viewing the more recent episodes , where all the sweetness has been replaced by insults and violence resulting in no laughs .
cosmo , once one of the more endearing nick characters , has devolved into an abusive unfunny cretin that the cast of family guy would n't even want to know .
timmy has become a selfish arrogant jerkwad that bart simpson would happily beat the snot out of ( and given timmy 's snottiness , that would take a lot of beating ) .
and poor wanda ... a real charmer who 's become the victim of her husband and godchild , she 's now labeled a " nag " for caring about the well - being of others .
plus cosmo 's stupidity causes pain to everyone else
but he 's never punished for it , nor does he learn any lessons .
which pretty much sums up butch hartman 's attitude towards kids : they 're crude , vulgar and not too bright .
thank god this crummy toon has been cancelled , along with butch hartman 's darling , danny phantom .
at least butch got what he deserved - unlike cosmo .
this is indeed quite the strange movie ...
first , we have an ex - u.s.-gymnast trying to turn actor ( or something ) , and this seems to be the only role he ever got ( that i know of anyway ) -- and for good reason .
while he does pull off the role well enough to keep some interest , it is a rather bland and flat performance .
second , we have the worst ever sound effects ever used in a movie ! ! !
i 'm not kidding .
this alone makes the movie extremely comical , but in that annoying way .
and third , while we have a generally decent acting supporting cast ( including the required hot chick ! ) , an actually not - so - bad story , and some cool visuals ; the dialogue , fight scenes involving gymnastics ( hilarious ! ) , and overall execution of the plot are weak .
this movie would have been barely better as a network tv movie ( too bad fox was n't around in 1985 ) .
it 's one of those movies that 's simply bad , yet you ca n't resist watching and even enjoying it once you get used to it , especially now that it has found the perfect eternal home on late night tv and cable .
this is a movie of tired , yet weirdly childish , clichés .
there 's a nazi witch master performing sf - related experiments in the basement ?
oh please !
aiming for a creeping sense of horror and fear , the general impression of the film is that of a very immature conception of fright .
not having any expectations beforehand , i am left with : an aged xander from buffy and a heroine with ape - like face who does n't seem to know how to act .
said adrienne barbeau have i only only encountered before in the much more enjoyable " cannibal women in the avocado jungle of death" .
camera and editing adds to the general impression of lame .
the haunting is yet another bad horror remake with phony overdone special effects and a big cast of on screen favorites and has no redeeming qualities whatsoever except maybe for the cinematography .
yes remakes are n't all bad but remakes directed by jion da bont definitely are .
i suppose that the a - list actors ( liam neeson , catherine zeta jones , owen wilson)are there to distract us from the boring plot , ridiculous special effects , and terrible attempts at scaring
it 's audience
however this is a movie not a tabloid magazine we do n't care whose in it
we care about the characters and story two things this film missed .
the storyline is like taking the classic novel the haunting of hill house and ripping out four chapters and then using whatever 's left for the film it is so boring and a lot of it is unexplained .
the characters are pretty thin and while the acting is good you do n't really care about any of the characters at all .
lily taylor gives a horrendous performance and sounds like she 's 8 years old when delivering her lines not to mention what a horrible screamer she is .
lily taylor is n't made for the horror genre at all .
the ghosts are stupid and cheesy , they look like a bunch of casper the friendly ghost 's and the ghost of hugh cain looks like a fat guy dressed as the grim reaper for halloween with a smoke machine .
there is this creature on the roof of one of the rooms that is a giant purple mouth and it 's not even funny unintentionally just plain sad .
the house is pretty and well designed that is probably the only positive thing about this movie it looks nice
but that does n't save it from it 's brutal everything else .
i can honestly say i felt like i was wasting my time watching the haunting on tv for no price
so i would 've been even more pi$$ed if i had paid to see it
but luckily it was on scream channel .
overall
the haunting is a boring remake that tries to overwhelm you with bad special effects , a poor attempt at horror .
this movie begins with an ordinary funeral ... and it insists so hard on this ordinary funeral feel that i lost interest within 5 minutes of watching , and started skipping scenes .
it seems to me
whomever made this movie is afflicted to the extent of becoming trapped in a permanent morbid trance , unable to contemplate anything else but death and destruction .
well , i ai n't one of the dark kids from southpark
, i want a movie that within 10 minutes gets me well into an interesting story , i wo n't sit and watch 10 minutes of nothing but preparations for a funeral ..
my grandma on her last years was fascinated by funerals , perhaps she might have enjoyed this " movie " .
okay , ' enjoy ' is a pretty relative term , but flexibility is in order when you 're dealing with a filmmaker of james glickenhaus ' calibre .
mcbain is truly one of the most ridiculous , over the top action films i 've ever seen , without the nasty edge of the exterminator .
other reviews have commented on a suspension of disbelief regarding the film 's heroic middle aged commandos , but how about making a film in the philippines that is set in colombia ?
all the extras are filipino .
in fact the only character who looks remotely hispanic is good ol' victor argo as the much reviled ' el presidente ' !
oh yes , we also have maria conchita alonso overemoting like crazy as a rebel leader .
there are tons of explosions and bodies flying everywhere in this amusing paean to the glories of american imperialism .
i think i 've seen all of the grisham movies now
and generally they 're all very poor , except for the rainmaker , but this one is so bad
it 's unbelievablewarning spoilerishit 's one of those movies where the character does the stupid irrational things that no one would ever do .
he 's a lawyer for christ 's sake .
why when his children go missing does he not call the police .
oh yes it 's because all the police hate lawyers so they 're just ignore him and let him be attacked .
when he 's arrested for murder they just let him go free , he would be locked up in a cell pending a bail hearing .
why would you drag your kids halfway across the country when you could easily protect them at home .
the police do n't bother to try and find an escaped mental patient , they do n't bother to interview his daughter .
as for the ridiculous ending  .in
summary , silly , very unrealistic and a complete waste of time.0/10  one of the worst films ever made .
journey to the center of the earth is the story of some tourists of hawaii , three of them siblings , and one of them a young british nanny babysitting a dog .
when the siblings accidentally drive off in their jeep with the basket of dog biscuits , the nanny follows them ( it might 've just been safer to purchase more ) all the way to the cave the siblings intended to explore ( i guess ) .
for some reason , they actually go in the cave and then , when the place starts caving in , they try to get out to no avail , except for the six - year - old sister who they tell to go get help .
meanwhile , the more they move around in the cave , the more they continue to plummet further and further towards the earths cavernous core .
and behold , it is here where they find the city of atlantis and its bizarre alien habitants who are living under the oppressive rule of one alien that does n't want them asking to many questions about the worlds external to their own .
i see that rusty lemorande , the named director of the film has provided comments on this film , in which he explains that part of latter half of this film is actually the sequel to alien in l.a.
well , whatever it was , it was an amazingly cheap movie that i would rank only slightly higher than city limits ( a 1988 sci - fi film also made on a non - existent budget )
because at the least ending of this dreadful piece of mostly incoherent film - making that cuts corners where it can aims for some humor and amusement in the last 20 minutes when we finally see what life is like in the alien world at the center of the earth .
i also give it a two star rating rather than one because it was at times , funny , even if only in its subtleties .
for example , the aliens asks the british girl if she 's an alien
and she explains that the ministry should be sending her work visa shortly .
or when the alien girl finds bryan and explains that he is in the city of altantis and he mistakes this for atlantic city , new jersey .
little things like that make the idiocy of the first hour or so tolerable .
imagine how great the film could 've been though if they had 1 ) actually intended to make it , and 2 ) actually had money to make it .
i do like
how in the end , no one wonders what happened to the little sister who was sent away in the beginning to get help .
she 'd just be wandering around the hawaiian caves and not too far from the erupting volcano , mind you .
from the start this film was awful !
why was it that bad ? ?
if it is n't the naked women , not only in need of a decent plastic surgeon but also the expertise of a dentist followed by a free hand out of colgate whitening ! !
then it 's the ' crazy ' old guy at the gas station , who is n't so much crazy , but more
" i 'm not sure how to act a great deal
so i will stare straight ahead and look as stupid as i can while pretending to shout in robotic tones about something in the woods " ! !
then back to these naked nymphs in need of a cure for gingivitis ....
apparently , without touching you ... and this is according to the opening scene ....
they can cause a nasty looking red rash on your neck , which i assumed to be a chunk of flesh missing but just looks as though it could do with some tcp to clear it right up .
then you have sophie holland who plays ally
, i have never seen such baaaaaad acting , she is more of a " me me me , if i 'm not having fun no - one else is , and
i do n't wanna do this
so i wo n't , and i 'm the meanest cow on the planet
, i 'm sarcastic , petty and if i do n't get things my way i will sulk ! " , kind of person ....
reminds me more of a 6 yr old girl 's attitude .
i do n't think it 's even worth mentioning the dire camera angles that remind me of blair witch , or
how low - budget the film actually was that when judd was hacking at the ' locked ' door it was in fact open before he reached to unlock it from the other side ! !
this film is completely laughable !
if it were a spoof then it would have been successful ... only just though , but , as a horror film is was just plain wrong ! ! !
i ca n't even being to describe everything that went t!ts up in this movie i would run out of room !
although it was funny to watch andrew drip raspberry juice in his ear every time he opened his mouth while tom savini 's character was completely blind to the two hiding under the table directly in his line of vision ! !
it was even funnier when these two thought they could escape on a god damn tractor , which as we all know is thee number one hated vehicle to get stuck behind since its so god damn slow !
so is it any wonder they do n't get away with it ? ?
and how many people do you know that can slice open their wrist and then run around for hours as if nothing ever happened !
no pain , no weakening from blood loss , nothing ! ?
but the silliest part is when all of a sudden ( and i mean that literally ) it 's one year later and molly is still wandering the woods after having escaped the nymphs , and then lo and behold , shaun hutson picks her up ...
of course not without a line to promote his books ! !
( altho admittedly he is one of my fav authors ) but suddenly , and with absolutely no hint of an xplanation as to how and why ... she 's evil herself and lures hutson to his death , then we cut to the crazy dude from the beginning suddenly wandering round the woods with a petrol can , even after his ' dazzling ' performance on why no - one should ever venture there for whatever reason ... cue the nymphs stupidly slappin each other around a bit for fun while crazy pours petrol everywhere ....
and here endeth the film .... finally !
my conclusion .... if you had n't already guessed by now .... absolute rubbish !
there was no proper thought went into it at all , whoever was aiming the camera needed firing ... and come to think of it
so did 99 % of the cast !
if the right director , actors , and budget got behind this it could have been decent .
but , once again , low - budget english horror films but the rest of the genre , the country , and the english film - making industry to shame ! !
( and i 'm english
so i 'm allowed to say that ) !
in fact the only decent and exciting part of the movie is in the first 15 - 20 mins when we watch it turn from night to day over a field type area .
all i kept thinking throughout this was " jesus christ in heaven
why oh why did you allow someone to make this , its absolute cow 's testicles ! !
but i ca n't turn a film off after i 've started watching it unfortunately .
i had to watch from dusk til dawn afterwards just to remind myself that tom savini does have it in him to act well !
if there was an option for 0/10 then believe me
i woulda chose that , cuz this film is n't even worth the one point i did give it !
but this is just my opinion , watch it and decide for yourself .
i was fully amped up to see this film .
i had been waiting a year for it to be cleared down here in new zealand .
i should n't have built myself up so much because it was so disappointing and is without a doubt clark 's worst film
there is so much wrong with this film .
first off , some of the acting is great , in particular nick stahl as ' the bully ' , and the girl with the curly brown hair
( i ca n't recall her name ) , but most of it was so out of touch and incredibly unbelievable , especially leo fitzpatrick .
he 's a veteran of clark 's films now and he was so brilliant in ' kids ' , but in ' bully ' he invests his lines with such solemnity as to turn his scenes into a parody virtually .
the screenplay felt like it had been written by a first year film student .
no sorry , a high school student ... one who has never seen a movie before .
and i could n't fathom clark 's intentions .
was he trying to point out the meaningless of these kids ' existence ?
it sure as hell did n't stop him getting in a damn good perv .
i 'm no prude
but i did n't need to see teenage breasts and buttocks every 5 minutes .
i still maintain that clark 's best film is ' another day in paradise ' .
it 's fantastic
and i do n't think he 'll ever top it .
i basically found eden 's curve to be a very poorly constructed that made it difficult to watch .
however , there is something i must say about how the director captured something about the atmosphere of the early 70 's in the choice of settings and clothing .
the " back to the earth " philosophy and the interest in sexual exploration and drugs that was not dramatically decadent , as portrayed in many later versions of the 70 's was right on , as was the " do n't ask do n't tell " pseudo - liberalism of the fraternity made up of east - coast intellectuals , except that i would have thought this was more likely of a new england school rather than one in virginia , where i imagine the " good ole boy " mentality still dominated even elitist schools like this one .
another thing i appreciated and could relate to is that this was a time when homosexuality was not linked so much to leathermen or drag queens
and i appreciated some homosexual roles not related to these terribly overused images .
i felt it was very unfortunate that " gay culture " took on certain standard forms in the 80 's out of castro and christopher streets and these defined the movement and left out huge numbers of gay men that were more subdued in their lifestyles .
i appreciated the film mainly as a way of remembering a more natural way we were about our sexuality and personal relationships without " the scene . "
i rented this flick for one reason tom savini , i respect his work but this was a real let down , i had horrible clichés , half of the film was naked women
so called " fallen angels " running around trying to act scary ,
oh and then there was the occasional " blair witch " black and white motion sicken camera scenes .
tom 's character was really awful , horrible script .
and you got to love these lines they use .
" is anyone there , who is out there , this is n't funny "
but your acting was .
i wish i could give this flick a 0 !
oh the names of the characters .
judd , molly , ally , emilio , but they did leave out anthony , the breakfast club reunite in the forest of unforgivable acting .
lage raho munnabhai is really a disappointing movie .
i have seen the first part of munnabhai and it was really good
but this one really make u bore n disappoint u .......................................
this movie really waste yours time and money .
i went with my friend to this movie on the first day of its release and v both get bore in cinema - hall ......................................................
role of circuit was very small n useless n this movie .
i think sanjay - dutt cut down the role of arshad varshi ........................
character of the movie is also not well define like the previous one .this movie show u the result of over - confidence .........
the ideas of mahatma is also not define and confusing ..................
a really very big disappointment
the fact that someone actually spent money on such a bad script , is beyond me .
this really must be one of the worst films , in addition to " haunted highway " i have ever seen .
bad actors , and a really bad story .
there 's no normal reactions to any event in this film , and even though it 's halloween , normal people would have bigger reactions when they 're witnessing their father being killed , not to mention gutted , people with tape covering their airways , not being able to breathe ( in a room with at least 50 people i might add ) and some person dressed up as satan dragging dead people out of his house , even an 8 year old would see the difference between a doll and a person .
not to mention the fact that no one could possibly be that naive and dumb to believe the reality of satan and jesus ' appearances on the same day , like this kid does .
when i was 8 , i sure had more brains than that .
but , the really stupid thing is that everyone else seems to be falling for this mute satan look - alike as well , no questions asked .
the question throughout the film is , is it really satan , or is it some crazy person killing people off whenever he feels like it ?
well , he 's got human hands , arms , built and whatever , so i guess he 's supposed to be in the movie as well
, otherwise they did a lousy job concealing it .
then , with this person being human and all , he was able to kill an old lady , a man and his mistress , 5 ( ! ! ? ?
cops ( all with guns and training i presume ) , and a few other people ..... and obviously everyone was just standing there waiting for him , or what?the whole concept and way of telling the story is absolutely the worst thing i 've seen , and i would never recommend anyone to waste 1 hour and 30 minutes of their lives to watch this total crap .
ok - the cons first : the obligatory ' 70 's alligator (
all right , correction - caiman ) with nonmoving limbs is made the worse for scale miniature underwater shots ( with the full length of reptile comparative to the size of the boat ) utilizing a toy alligator being swirled around the toy boat in broadly lit water - even for nighttime shots!unlike most primitives - killing - exploitative - westerners films , the superstitious natives going bat
* * * * and start massacring the vacationers seems unjustified this time .
no one really abused the natives - exploited , yes , but far from abusive treatment .
after all it was one of the natives ( canoodling with a spoiled supermodel during a taboo full moon )
that brought the curse of the river demon on them , right?the vacationers are easily annoying ( with the notable exception of the token old - soul / mildly blasphemous - little - girl - who - takes - a - shine - to - the - heroes that you often see in 70 's euroflicks ) , but far from from deserving violent death - unless they were your next door neighbors , mind you .
a couple actually get killed being heroic - notable in that none of them fill the role of sidekick .
there are only two straight villains in the entire film , so the demises feel more arbitrary than cathartic .
the sequence where the giant caiman crunches down and scarfs thirty tourists in under five minutes will probably strike you as unintentionally hilarious .
the point at which the natives decide not to wipe the surviving westerners and practically saying " hey , you are n't so bad after all , sorry about that fuss last night " - because they blew up the monster lizard - has you shaking your head as the corny music kicks in .
you know , the local military dictatorship will wipe out the village for
* * * * ing with the tourist trade after the credits roll ...
the pros : barbara bach .
barbara bach .
barbara bach .
barbara bach .
you all know why you 're interested in this film in the first place , right ?
i thought so .
if you 're a bach completist , get the dvd reissued by noshame films earlier this year ( digitally remastered with no real extras to speak of , aside from the director bemoaning the current state of international film
distribution).the hero is n't half bad , being far from an idiot ( always a plus in b films ) and the cynical little kid provides most of the comic relief .
worth a look , but get it cheaply !
this is one very confusing movie .
the film is very hard to follow and the plot just did n't seem to make any sense .
the fury of the wolfman was made in spain
and i think that when any film is dubbed from one language to another , it does n't translate exactly as it was first meant .
maybe this is part of the problem
but i doubt if it can account for all the problems with this film .
the dubbing is pretty bad and the voices do n't match the characters very well .
the scenes are choppy , there is an array of strange and irrelevant characters that do little more than confuse the viewer even more .
what i did like about this film was the look of the wolfman himself and the scenes where he attacks .
now if they could have put it all together and had it make some sense , they might have had something .
do n't waste your time on this one .
this is a mildly interesting late 80 's gore fest featuring some nasty slugs with a taste for human blood .
if you can get past the ridiculousness of the whole thing you might actually get some minor enjoyment out of this .
the acting is awful and the plot is simply there to hold the movie together between gory slug attacks , but the movie is n't a complete waste of time .
the special effects are actually quite good , and the gore is well done .
it reminded me of the remake of the blob , probably because of the sliminess of it all .
all in all , you could certainly do worse with an hour and a half of your time , but i would n't suggest seeing this movie unless you 've got a strong stomach and are into this sort of thing .
from reading all of the comments posted here on imdb , this movie seems to get ragged on a lot , but i did n't think it was that bad .
i 've seen much worse , actually .
house where evil dwells " is a ghost story about a husband and his wife , ted and laura fletcher , and their daughter , amy , who move into an old house in japan .
little do they know , a japanese ninja brutally murdered his wife and her lover , and then killed himself 100 years earlier with a samurai sword .
as strange things happen in the house , the ghosts of the previous residents begin to possess the bodies of the living , and plan on re - enacting the bloody murder that took place 100 years back .
i saw this movie and decided to give it a chance , from the cover it looked like a decent ghost story .
it was routine , and it was corny , but i 've seen worse in my day .
the ghost sequences were a little over - done , we get to see the translucent blue - tinted figures randomly pop up randomly around the family , and take over their bodies .
to be honest , the ghosts in this movie kind of reminded me of the ghosts in the haunted mansion ride at disneyland .
i may be mistaken , but after watching this , it seemed to me that the japanese horror film "
ju - on :
the grudge " and the american remake of that film ripped this off a little .
the old japanese home where a brutal murder took place , ghostly activity , curses put on the home , etc .
but i may be wrong .
to sum it up , this is a pretty corny ghost story .
do n't go out of your way to see it , but
if you like this kind of thing and it happens to come on tv you can give it a shot .
4/10 .
i can clearly see now why robin hood flopped quickly .
the first episode of it is probably the worst ever thing bbc has aired .
the opening scenes were about as intense , meaningful and intelligent as two monkeys fighting , robin hood had no character , and the sword fight was just laughable .
the worst part of the episode was robin hood snogging some cow clad in make - up at the beginning of the episode
- how many people wore eyeliner in the 12th century ?
nobody .
the series may have improved drastically since then , but this first episode quickly put people 's hopes down , and is essentially a pile of cr*p .
a great hero of england has been disgraced .
you tolerate this ?
" i wo n't , that 's for sure , unless the bbc start to understand what is a wise investment .
yowza !
if anyone who loves laurel and hardy can watch this movie and feel good about it , you 're a better person than me !
this movie , while a great attempt at ' imitating ' laurel and hardy through appearance , sound and routine , falls very short of honoring them , or even being a movie of any substance .
i blame larry harmon .
dialogue is torn from old l+h movies and planted in unrealistically , the plot is muddled with useless characterization of the other needless co - stars , pinchot 's accent was bizarre for stan , and while sartain did an excellent job with ollie 's accent , he tried too hard to create the wonderful mix that was mr. hardy .
where was a ( good ) musical number ?
editing is choppy , acting is stiff , lines are horrid , physics are -implausable- ( although perhaps they were trying to give it that feel of cheap sets ? ) , and overall it 's a terrible thing to witness .
it 's even more painful to watch than atoll k , where the legendary duo did their last film in awful 1950 's era writing and photography .
do yourself a favor and watch as much of the original laurel and hardy films as you can , and learn how things were .
you know what a magnate is , do n't you ?
stan laurel did not perpetually reply with semi - moronic quips at every sentence .
i pity anyone who thinks that this was a decent update / honor of the boys .
where was the classic theme song ? ! ?
why ruin ' here 's another fine mess ' ?
why skip ' any the wiser ' ?
why was there a pointless gaggle of co - stars ? !
why miss gulch from the wizard of oz ? ?
why must larry harmon be in it ?
why bozo ! ?
and did the learning channel help fund the thing?i
mean , really .
fart jokes , for god 's sake .
fart jokes .
it 's a poor film , but i must give it to the lead actress in this one ....
francine forbes .
she appeared to be acting the least and i personally thought she was kind of cute .
too bad she only appears in one other film in the database .
besides that , the film is filled with laughable gore and fakey death scenes .
people get stabbed and they gush like 2 gallons of blood !
but , if you like to watch poor horror films , i recommend this one highly .
this was a movie about infidelity and revenge .
a twin with the " twin " connection senses that something is wrong with her sister .
this movie took forever to establish the plot .
a plot that has been done many times .
the acting was lousy for the most part .
once the plot comes together , the movie ends .
laura and ashley are twins that live with an abusive father .
the father seems to favor ashley , so laura gets the blame for everything .
there is a promise made that the girls would never be apart , but as they grow up , their lives go in different directions .
ashley gets a job in a diner where she meets barry , a married man .
of course no good can come of this .
the fact that barry had tinnitus was a poor excuse for a way to track him down .
i kept waiting for this movie to get better and for there to be some resolution somewhere , but it never happened .
i 've been scolded and scorned by fellow christians for stating my disappointment with this movie .
i get hounded by statements like these : " i ca n't believe you did n't like it !
it was made totally by christians ! "
" everyone donated their time and no one was paid for the movie !
it was made by a church and not hollywood .
we should spend our money on movies like this !
they only used $ 100,000 to make the film . "
" this is by a real church and christian school in georgia !
a preacher wrote and directed it . "
so , apparently , the reason i should love this movie is simply because of the way it was made and the minimum amount of money used to make it and that is was made by christians .
that is all that is needed for me to love the movie .
look , i got the movie without knowing anything about the background of the film .
i had never heard of it and had no idea - other than football - what it was about .
i watched it like i watch any other movie and was disappointed .
i was disappointed in the lousy editing and lame script .
i was very disappointed on the resolution after the climax .
do n't worry .
there have been other cheap movies and other expensively made movies that have earned less respect from me .
it is n't about the making of the movie .
it is the end product .
the writer acknowledges that god does n't say " yes " to everything we pray for in the way we want , but he wanted to show by having faith , god changes our lives .
that is true .
however , god can change our lives and we 're still infertile .
god can change our lives and we do n't get a raise from our job .
god can change our lives and our car is still an old jalopy .
god can change our lives and our house is still stinky .
why did n't he portray that in the movie ?
others voiced their concern to the writer / director over the matter , but apparently , he was defensive .
i did not think the acting was horrible nor many of the landscape shots .
i like the idea of going to god and recognizing his awesome power and our weakness .
the writing and directing were very weak .
it is easy to distinguish this because many of the characters have no development .
all we really get from the coach 's wife is she is not pregnant ( well , until the end of the movie ) .
it seems as if there was only ball player that had the potential to have an interesting character and that was chopped to bits into "
i have a cripple father
and i ca n't play football well ,
but i 'll kick the winning field goal even though i 've never kicked a real field goal before . "
another problem was the christian school itself .
umm , i have worked for two christian schools , went to one myself , and have had many nieces and nephews in other christian schools .
all in all , i 've had some pretty close connections with about ten different ones .
none of the problems that i have seen in all of these schools were addressed .
i saw this as totally surreal in the movie about their school and wished they had shown the human factor .
it would have been nice to see a dose of reality and how god can work .
i will close by stating that every work - either written or drawn or played on an instrument - shares the artist 's world view .
the world view that was shown to me in this movie consists of " people who pray the right way win ball games , get new cars , conceive when they could n't , get a raise , and get their house fixed - all within a short time span .
" i know .
i should love the movie simply due to the sincerity of the people who made it .
i think i should love the movie
because it was well done and for no other reason .
rock star john norman howard ( kris kristofferson ) turns lounge singer esther hoffman ( barbra streisand ) into an overnight singing star .
esther 's star rises while john 's goes into decline , thanks to drugs and alcohol .
after about two hours , john does the self - destructive - red - converible-160-mph - crack - up - on - a - desert - highway thing .
the best thing about this movie is the music , especially the song , " evergreen . "
barbra streisand sings well , but you ca n't take her seriously as an up - and - coming star , when she is * already * a star .
the very first time she appears , singing in a back alley bar , she looks like an established singing star who is slumming for the night , not like a struggling unknown who is trying to launch her singing career .
she is too confident , too professional .
her apartment looks like a page out of " apartment living , " not some hole - in - the - wall apartment where a real struggling singer would live .
kris kristofferson handles the self - centered , out - of - control rock star role like ...
well , like a singer who is trying to be an actor but does n't have much acting talent .
the direction is tepid , the story is slow and dull .
but the worst thing about this movie is not the acting , or the lame direction , or the slow story .
it 's the hair !
after staring at kristofferson 's and streisand 's awful 70 's hairdos for 2 + hours , your eyes hurt .
i have no idea how anyone managed to stay awake during this show .
the acting was ham - fisted and amateur , the story was old news , and plot development ( or lack thereof ) invariably had my eyelids sagging less than halfway through each episode .
that 's about all there is to say of it , because it genuinely lacked substance of any kind .
how can you people like crap like this ?
it 's freaking stupid , it 's an insult to your intelligence .
i do n't even know how to further explain it ...
it 's as if some of you will stare mindlessly at junk like this solely because you like the way some of the actors look , or because , for whatever crazy reason , you have n't seen the same formulas in dozens of shows a million times before .
i just .. forget it .
this show sucked , and thankfully it 's gone forever .
i wish they 'd get to work on demolishing the o.c. once and for all .
i rarely comment on films but i 've read the other comments
and i can not believe that there are people applauding this celluloid rubbish .
i know there are certain people who have their own agenda but lets take it on merit ;
poorly acted , badly shot and the story felt as the director was making it up as he was going along .
i am not going to focus on the sexual aspect of the film involving little kids as the makers of the film obviously knew what they wanted and what their audience would want .
all i can say is it is a terrible film , the content is poor and offensive , the production is amateurish and i am glad they could not make a film like this legally today
it is hard to make an unbiased judgment on a film like this that had such an impact on me at such a young age .
this is with out a doubt the worst kind of exploitation film .
i was unfortunate enough to see this film for the first time in my youth , iwill never forget it .
i thought it was the most horrible movie ever made .
i then saw it again earlier this year and was once again horrified .
i am not a zealot or one to say what others should and should not see
but i did take great offense to the way in which something as horrible as rape was dealt with in this movie .
i love lowbrow cinema
but this is just plain nasty .
rent some rus myer instead .
i actually saw china o'brien ii before i ever saw the original china o'brien .
and i have to say that the first incarnation is actually worse .
but : worse = funnier !
and funnier = better .
if you 're a bad movie fan like i am , this is great material .
if , however , you are looking for any sort of meaningful plot , acting ability , or movie - making skill , this is best avoided .
the best part is how they filmed all the fighting sequences in stuttering fast - forward .
hilariously bad .
see it for a laugh , see it for mindless entertainment , but whatever you do , see it for free on tv .
what this movie fails from answering is how wrong this war is ( and most us wars recently made only to get some oil).how many innocent civilian casualties there has been , how many lives perished and how blatantly stupid the perpetrators are .
so , let me ask you - if american soldier kills women and children apart from enemy , its ok , but if government accidentally kills their own forces by deadly chemicals while killing many civilians as well , it is not ?
your logic fails , gentleman .
i'll give it 5 for the solid performance and 1 to everything else , 3 in total .
having read the comments on the site i feel compelled to write in for the first time .
it seems this movie is like marmite and has split the audience .
i have to say that while i agree films do n't have to make sense to be enjoyable ( see mulholland drive )
they still have to engage you with the characters .
now while i was totally absorbed by the murderous lesbian affair in lynch 's opus , i have to say i could n't give a turd about mr green or the other cardboard gangsters that inhabited this dayglo world .
also , while so many people seem to try and say you did n't enjoy because you did n't get it
i would have to disagree
- i did n't enjoy because i was bored .
i wanted the film to end and constantly listening to those quotes over and over again did not help .
call it clever if you will - i think it 's repetitious .
however , my main reason for writing is to ask all the other reviewers a question - there were no end credits on the print of the film i saw .
just music over black .
did i watch a dud print or is this evidence of gr 's pretentiousness ?
or , did everyone involved in the movie watch the rough cut and have their name removed ? ? ?
the recent boom of dating show on u. s. television screens has reached a fevered pitch since the first episode of " the bachelor .
" unsuspecting audiences have since been subjected to countless clones and variations , including " the bachelorette " , " joe millionaire " , " for love or money " , and the execrable " married by america . " hoping to cash in on this trend , and simultaneously tap and exploit a new demographic , bravo has unleashed the disastrous " boy meets boy " upon the world .
and may they have mercy on us all .
the premise is simple and is designed to be light - hearted : an eligible gay man is courted by a number of suitors , eliminated show by show until one is left , but there 's a twist .
half of the men are actually straight .
this is not much of a big deal , but the inherent viciousness of the scenario kicks in after hearing the pay - off : if , at the end of the show , the gay man picks a straight man in disguise , the straight man wins a cash prize .
the gay man gets nothing , or at least nothing more than a few parting gifts , a pat on the back , and a hearty round of
" are n't you embarrassed ?
well , thanks for playing!"just the like the equally painful " queer eye for the straight guy " ( another bravo program ) , this show is another example of stereotypes run amok .
what makes it even worse , though , is the fact that straight men are playing up these stereotypes for cash .
the producers of this show believe that all you have to do is put enough hair gel in a man 's hair , dress up in abercrombie & fitch with a pair of designer sandals , strip him of all body hair and fat and voila !
it 's the gay equivalent to putting a white performer in blackface , and just as offensive to those of us -- like myself -- who are genuinely gay and do n't dress / act like that .
it implies that gays have no variance or chance for individuality , that they ca n't behave like real people , only like stereotypes .
never mind the fact that the bank of suitors is sorely lacking in any kind of diversity .
all are gym - toned , most are white , and all look far too scrubbed and cleaned .
this is another example of how , instead of fostering acceptance of gays as dynamic individuals capable of variance and change , hollywood has again taken a stereotype and run with it all the way to the bank .
i feel genuinely dirty watching this show , as show any gay man who sees this unabashed parade of soft - core pornography masquerading as legitimate television .
1 out of 10 .
first off , i agree with quite a bit that escapes mr. chomsky 's mouth .
his matter - of - fact delivery of interesting counterpoint is what makes the man a hit on the university campus circus .
he comes across likable , unassuming , pragmatic .
he does n't cater to the current political style ( obnoxious bi - partisanship ) and he sets his sights on the far left as well as the far right , chastising both , and for good reason .
unfortunately , the film itself is a dud .
in fact , i would not even call this a documentary but rather just a collection of speeches .
watching " rebel without a pause " is no different from watching a speaker on a 3 am taped segment on cspan .
there are no camera movements , no edits , no stylistic touches .
there is no story , no narrative .
technically speaking , the production is strictly amateurish .
audio is terrible and inconsistent ; sometimes we can not hear noam speak , other times we can not hear the questions that are being posited by those in attendance .
when noam is speaking rarely are we allowed to see the reactions of the audience except when we are given a quick shot of his wife who apparently attends every one of his speeches and beams with pride every time we see her .
i can not recommend this film and would say that you 're probably better off checking out his taped speeches on cassette or cd to listen to in the car.4 out of 10 stars ... and i 'm in a generous mood today .
loved part one , the impossible planet , but whoops , what a disappointment part two '
the satan pit ' is .
the cliffhanger of something apparently rising out of the pit was - nothing coming out of the pit .
then ages spent crawling round air vents to pad out the story , the beast a roaring thing empty of intelligence , so no doctor / villain confrontation i 'd been anticipating .
the tardis is somehow inside the pit despite the pit not being open till long after the tardis fell through the planet crust .
and finally another ready made solution which existed for no logical reason - i mean , why not plunge the beast into the hole as soon as the pit opened ?
why not plunge him in all those years ago instead of imprisoning him anyway .
why not - i could go on
but i 've lost interest ...
just the fact that the cover is a drawing , like those old b - movies should give you a warning about the quality of this movie .
this is , however not a b - movie .
it is a d - movie !
there are no known actors , and the animals - wow -
it is the worst data - animation ever made during the last two decades .
you hardly ever see the scaaary sabretooth shown on the front cover .
you just hear people scream , bleed and die and you occasionally see a teeth or a tiger - paw .
it 's so amateur !
maybee worth seeing , just because it 's so bad .
give it to a friend and say : " this is the best movie i have ever seen , and wait for their reaction " he , he .
the movie is to weak to give it a spoiler alert !
this is a spoiler .
this movie was so poorly written and directed i fell asleep 30 minutes through the movie .
the jokes in the movie are corny and even though the plot is interesting at some angles , it is too far fetched and at some points- ridiculous .
if you are 11 or older you will overlook the writing in the movie and be disappointed , but if you are 10 or younger this is a film that will capture your attention and be amazed with all the stunts ( which i might add are poorly done ) and wish you were some warrior to .
the casting in this movie was n't very good , and the music was very disappointing because it was like they were trying to build up the tension
but it did n't fit at all .
on a scale of 1 - 10 ( 10 being excellent , 1 being horrible )
the acting in this movie is a 4 .
brenda song is talented in comedy , but with this kind of movie , in some of the more serious scenes , her acting was laughable .
when she made some of her " fighting " poses , i started laughing out loud .
i think the worst thing about this movie is definitely the directing , for example , the part where her enemy turns out to be the person the evil villain is possesing , how her voice turns dark and evil , i think that was incredibly stupid , and how wendy 's ( brenda song)teachers were all her teachers at school being possessed by monks , that was pretty ridiculous to .
so to sumamrize it all , a disappointing movie , but okay if you 're 10 or under .
thanks to a dull , dimensionless screenplay by neil simon , and lackluster direction from robert moore , chapter two becomes a shrill showcase for marsha mason who received her third of four oscar nods for chapter two giving the same performance here that she gave in cinnderella liberty(73 ) , the goodbye girl(77 ) , audrey rose(78 )
and only when i laugh(81);only this time she does n't have a child to drag around .
chapter two is the third and last feature film for moore
having previously directed neil simon 's the cheap detective(78 ) and murder by death(76 ) .
caan is miscast , the characters are mono - dimensional , the dialog is overly analytical , and there 's virtually no establishing detail .
the first half is a less - than - captivating , meet cute , coy romance between a blinkered caan and a chipper mason , and the dreary second half makes you long for the first half .
the nyc locations as well as joe bologna , and a painfully thin valerie harper are irrelevant , but at least they provide some welcome distraction .
and last and least , there 's an awful song played during the credits .
dull , flatly - directed " comedy " has zero laughs and wastes a great cast .
alan alda wore too many hats on this one and it shows .
newcomer anthony lapaglia provides the only spark of life in this tedium
but it 's not enough .
one of those scripts that , if you were a neophyte and submitted it to an agent or producer , would be ripped to shreds and rejected without discussion .
dear me .
where do i start ?
the dad is n't anywhere near old enough to be the girl 's dad .
he corpses on camera in the first 5 minutes of the film .
the favoured exclamation in this film is " jesus christ ! ! ! " .
zombies are agile , stupid and few and far between .
motives are utterly incomprehensible and a narrative does not exist .
people ' rush ' to their destination in jeeps driven at 3 mph .
the world seems to be carrying on as normal yet these are supposed to be the end days .
breasts appear for the sake of breasts .
normally such an approach would provide some redemption but the rest of the film actually made me uninterested in breasts or the future of humanity .
there 's a dog for no reason and thin , orange blood that turns the stomach .
the general and his catchphrase of " shut the f**k up ! " is the only redeeming feature .
as for the rest , i sincerely hope to hear that they had done the decent thing and killed themselves .
sergio leone spins in his grave ...
if there was any film that tramples upon a man 's life work its this one .
the lead character 's " lone wolf " bravado is uninspiring and lame , and the script was apparently written by a monkey with an eight grade education .
whoever 's idea this was should be horse whipped .
the only reason i 'm spending time trashing it is because there 's a 10 line minimum .
sergio leone 's family should sue , not because its crap , but because now it 's immortalized as crap by mst 3000 .
shame .
disgust .
i blame hollywood ...
at least gary busey makes crap that wo nt offend anyone but cocaine users and weapon experts ...
this film is pure blasphemy .
just okay horror film about a nice suburban family dealing with the death of their parents and the " thing " in the basement that they keep feeding people they pick up off the street .
of course there is more to it then that but to say more would be telling .
for me this just did n't come together as it tries to have it two ways both as a family drama and a horror film .
the film tries very hard to walk the cutting edge between the two genres but seems more to stumble all over the place as it tries to be shocking , something it never really is .
it does n't help that the final revelation is less a scare then
an " oh " , as on " oh that s it ? " .
maybe if i had n't been watching so many horror films recently this might have been better or it may have just seemed it since i would n't have compared it to so much .
i'd take a pass
with a bo derek movie , the audience get just what they expect .
a paper thin plot and a few shots of mrs. derek in no clothes . '
ghosts ca n't do it ' is just that .
the first fifteen minutes is ordinary tv drama , as long as scott [ anthony quinn ] is still alive .
he is a very good actor with long experience in a lot of different roles , but it seems as even a famous actor need to work just for money sometimes .
bo derek is the opposite , always playing a strikingly handsome young woman with or without clothes .
the movie is a complete waste of time .
if you want to see quinn , rent lawrence of arabia or la strada .
if you want to see nude women or bad acting , rent any porno movie .
this is a rather dull movie about a scientist that creates a teleporter device and gets horribly disfigured when he uses the machine to transport himself .
simple plot done before in the fly and others .
not only does he get disfigured , but he also can electrocute people with a touch .
what is really dumb about this film is that we are expected to believe the place this guy works is against him .
he could probably make millions for the institution that he is working at , but the head of the institution tries to sabotage his teleporter every step of the way .
in the end the projected man electrocutes three people for no reason then goes after those that have wronged him .
laughed a lot - because it is so incredibly bad - sorry folks , but definitely one of the worst movies i have ever seen ...
i know it is low budget , but anyway : the actors behave like playing in a soap , the dialogues are absolutely crappy and the last time i have seen such odd pictures was at a trash nite at some youth video festival ten years ago .
i really appreciate that people gather together and shoot cheap movies , but at least a certain amount of quality should be accomplished .
but at least one good thing : the first three minutes of the movie were quiet interesting and looked okay - and the score was really worth listening to .
the dvd cover promised a lot , but that is by far the best this film has to offer ...
someone should tell goldie hawn that her career as a teen - age gamin ended thirty years ago .
this is one of the worst films released in years , an unequivocal disaster in which the two leads give themselves over to a frenetic exposition of their trademark tics in an effort to make up for a bad script and bad directing .
this thing should have been smothered at birth .
i hope john cleese got paid a lot for having his name attached to this disaster .
he is the only performer who came through this stinking mess more or less unscathed , his only fault being a failure to realize that the rest of the cast would sink the picture .
after apprehending the man responsible for the murder of his boss , deputy sheriff thomas jefferson geronimo , iii , is assigned the task of taking the killer back to italy .
on the way , however , the plane is diverted to malta .
not long after landing , the killer escapes .
now , and with little help from the maltese police , deputy sheriff geronimo is out to recapture a murderer .
but will his " shoot first , take names later " brand of texas justice work in a foreign country ?
let me get this out right up front , i 've seen final justice both with and without the mystery science theater 3000 commentary .
i 've seen the scenes that were cut that help make the movie a more coherent whole .
and i 've seen the cut - up tv version that was used for mst3k.
having said that , i 've got to admit that i much prefer the mst3 k version .
because final justice is one lousy movie .
the mst3 k commentary helps make it much more palatable .
on its own , it 's a real snoozer of an action movie with corny dialogue ( often delivered with such thick italian accents that it 's impossible to understand ) , bad acting , weak direction , gigantic plot holes , and most everything else
you 'll find in a bad movie .
and if most of final justice was n't " so bad , it 's good " , it would be one terribly dull movie on top of everything else .
so , yes , i enjoy the often very funny
mst3 k commentary over the bad movie on its own .
my main sticking points with the mst3 k commentary and with most of the reviews i 've read on final justice , however , involve the criticisms of joe don baker .
the main weaknesses in baker 's performance actually have nothing to do with his size or the wardrobe choices of his character or any of the other jokes flung in his direction .
instead , i think much of it is has to do with the poor decision to cast him in the lead in the first place .
joe don baker has always struck me as a decent enough actor , but he 's not the kind of guy i would call an " action hero " by any stretch of the imagination .
he 's more of a sidekick as he demonstrated with solid performances in a couple of james bond movies .
or if you really want to blame someone for the problems with final justice , point your finger at director greydon clark .
clark 's resume ca n't begin to compare with baker 's .
so i say , " lay off joe don baker ! "
you got ta love the cheesy low budget movies .
this one comes complete with bad effects , props and bad acting ( really bad ) .
plus , every time i see mercedes mcnab ( the sister )
i keep thinking ' watch out !
she 's a vamp!"- for those that know buffy / angel .
a perfect example of what happens when someone with bad taste and wants to waste money making a flick , the little that was spent of course .
i do n't know if i feel more sorry for the writer of the movie or the producer who did n't make back any money .
i'd say it 's good for little kids in it 's simplicity , but i do n't know if i 'd want to subject a kid to it ...
umm ...
because that 's the lowest it will go .
i saw this movie by accident yesterday at a cinema .
i had some hopes for the movie because i really like spoorloos ( the vanishing ) and the book it 's based on .
the movie starts out okay as it at first seems to be a nice thriller .
quickly though the movie becomes a mess with uninteresting plotlines , characters that are never fleshed out and nobody in the audience cared for ( like marjoke ) and terrible editing .
the movie has fade to black bits that are just way too long , a messed up chronology that jumps back and forth and lots of scenes that just do n't add anything to the story and could easily have been dropped .
after suffering through the story you 'll get treated to one of the worst endings i 've seen in a very long .
it should also be mentioned that the movie has lots of explicit sex scenes which you 're probably used to if you watch a lot of dutch movies .
it 's hard to mention any good things about this movie .
about a third of the audience had already walked out of the theater halfway into the movie
and i did n't hear a kind word after the movie was over .
avoid this movie at all costs .
it really destroyed any faith i had left in the dutch movie industry .
one of boris karloff 's real clinkers .
essentially the dying karloff ( looking about 120 years older than he was)is a scientist in need of cash to finish his experiments before he dies .
moving from morocco where his funding is taken over by someone else he goes to the south of france where he works a s physician while trying to scrap enough money to prove his theories .
desperate for money he makes a deal with the young rich wife of a cotton baron who is dying .
she will fund him if he helps her poison the husband
so she can take his money and carry on with a gigolo ( who i think is married ) .
if you think i got that from watching the movie you 're wrong , i had to read what other people posted to figure out happened .
because this movie had me lost from two minutes in .
i had no idea what was going on with its numerous characters and multiple converging plot lines .
little is spelled out and much is n't said until towards the end by which time i really did n't care .
its a dull mess of interest purely for karloff 's performance which is rather odd at times .
to be honest
this is the only time i 've ever seen him venture into bela lugosi bizarre territory .
its not every scene but a few and makes me wonder how much they hung out .
i saw an interview with rob schneider ( who plays the lead character , marvin mange , in this film . )
he said in it that he wanted to emphasize physical comedy here so much that even if you had the volume turned off
you 'd be laughing at this movie .
obviously that must be the secret .
i had the volume turned up .
i was actually listening to this thing and thought it was a disaster , and completely unfunny - a major disappointment after schneider 's hilarious performance in " deuce bigalow , male gigolo .
"the story is stupid : mange is a major loser who dreams of being a cop who gets filled with a bunch of animal transplants after a car accident by a mad scientist type appropriately named dr. wilder ( michael caton ) , and as a result starts to lose control of his " animal instincts .
this makes him a " supercop . "
he can sniff out drugs hidden in body cavities and outrun horses .
of course , he also has a nasty habit of eating people 's cows and trying to seduce their goats , but surely that 's a small price to pay ?
it just did n't do anything for me .
the cast left much to be desired .
is there a more irritating actor in all of hollywood than john mcginley ?
here , he plays sgt .
sisk , mange 's commander on the police force , as a repugnantly cartoonish character ( much the same as his doctor character in the inexplicably popular tv series " scrubs . " )
i was anxious to get a look at colleen haskell 's first " serious " acting job ( can anything in this movie be called " serious ? " )
she , of course , gained her fame as a contestant on the first " survivor " and she proves here what we knew from that
: she 's cute as a button .
what she does n't prove here is that she has any discernible talent as an actress .
and what 's with ed asner as police chief wilson .
i mean , how old is this guy now ?
he 's the size of some of the cows mange tried to eat , and he seemed out of breath the whole way through .
i 'm surprised he made it through the filming .
there 's a brief cameo at the end by adam sandler ( who also served as executive producer of this.)anyway , i chuckled twice : mange playing with his squeaky toys in the police car , and the scene schneider has with haskell and the orangutan - the orangutan has more acting talent !
so , for two chuckles - 2/10 .
i watched this movie at 3'o clock in the morning , a time in the day where i am usually very open when it comes to movies .
but still i think it was n't good , this movie was n't good at all .
the reasons why are many .
the acting is n't all that good , and time after time situations occurring in it reminded me of a poor 90 's chevy chase comedy .
i mean , come on , like the handcuff situation , and the poker situation amongst the servants ...
this movie was so obviously based very much on the first one , and that s ok .
but if i had n't seen the first one before seeing this , it would have sucked even worse .
like the ending , it came very suddenly , and i felt like i got no closure what so ever ...
sebastian changed very suddenly , and this this movie seems like it was made solely to explain nr 1 , and like no time or effort was used on making anything else good .
the score is the same as in the first one , and it did n't feel like a movie at all ...
they should have handled the situations with more style and class , but they did n't , and therefore , this movie turned out bad ...
it 's been close to ten years since i 've seen either of the last two sequels to " phantasm " - surely due to my still vivid remembrance of them not being very good .
that being acknowledged to this day , i 'm still a huge fan of the first two installments
so i thought i 'd go back and re - experience the ' final chapters ' .
part three is definitely the worst of the series since it obviously takes itself less seriously and throws in a bunch of confusing stuff that does n't make much sense ...
again , kicking off right where the previous movie left us , reggie saves mike from the tall man who vows to come back for him later , but things are n't safe for long when they come across jody who is inexplicably able to the take the form of a sphere .
apparently his soul is held prisoner by the tall man
so mike is then dragged into the sinister double - pronged netherworld and reg has to find him ...
along the way , he meets up with a ten year - old kid and a nun - chuck wielding black chick named rocky who assist him throughout his journey .
there 's really nothing memorable about " phantasm iii " other than how stupid and forcefully " humorous "
it tries to be .
only one positive aspect that did n't even help the movie and that was the return of a. michael baldwin and bill thornbury who reprise their roles for the first time since the original 1978 classic .
the problem is , they pretty much make cameo appearances ...
reggie banister is of course back in his starring role , but his bumbling , love - sick attitude makes his presence far too annoying to like .
angus scrimm also just did n't seem entirely " into " his role .
he talks too much here and is nowhere near as menacing and creepy in contrast with the " quirkiness " that the movie seemed to carelessly resort to .
most people 's opinion on this flick seem pretty impassive and tend to think " it 's still entertaining " .
maybe i 'm just too much of a nit picker
but i just could n't get into this one .
i remember disliking it when i was a kid and after re - watching it
- i can safely say - nothing has changed .
don coscarelli rocked the scene with his original low - budget , nightmarish , legendary film " phantasm " , which i still rank as my top favorite horror flick and his respectable sequel kept things moving and darkly surreal and gory , but " lord of the dead " ( stupid title ) just looked too rushed and slapped together to me ...
the inclusion of the two new characters , tim and rocky ( the only thing missing was scrappy doo ! ! ) , was a strong indication of coscarelli running out of ideas and seeing how far he could ride the franchise ...
so , it 's a " phantasm " movie with very little gore , nudity , and quadruple - barrel shot guns .
i say more ?
below average movie with poor music considering a movie based on music ? ? ?
ordinary script & direction with full of blunders .
salman khan was at his usual acting .
ajay 's performance deteriorating with time as his looks , especially his styles as a rock star were pathetic .
asin was just a showpiece only .
overall i felt like wasting my money in cinema .
salman khan remains as immature as 10 years ago compared to aamir khan .
there were many songs in the movie all boring except " man ko ati " .
the most important song to impress the uk music sponsor was most unimpressive .
khanabadosh " can be very easily understood by an english music sponsor .
the other movie i saw last week was " wake up sid " which was simple slow love story with good direction & acting despite average music
all this dismaying waste of film stock needs is count floyd popping up every sixty seconds .
somehow they got steve railsback , susan anspach , john vernon , and joe flaherty together on a set and could n't get within five miles , about eight kilometers , of an actual movie .
boy does this thing suck .
there is n't one original line , thought , shot , or effect from brainless opening sequence to brainless close .
the magical , ethereal susan anspach of five easy pieces - boring .
steve railsback - boring .
john vernon - boring .
the big bug - boring .
if this is a scary movie , buttercream gang is a thuglife documentary .
seriously - every bad movie contains its own explanation of its badness .
usually it 's in the opening credits - " written , directed , and produced by " one guy .
or at the very center of the action is some bimbo so talentless that you know there 's one and only one reason this turkey got made .
here , you do n't find out till the very last of the credits , where the cooperation of about a dozen subfunctions of the canadian government is gratefully acknowledged .
right now i 'm watching mst 's take on beast of yucca flats to get the taste out of my mouth .
ghod , what an improvement .
well it 's not often that we in the uk have a film made about inner city life from the perspective of the afro caribbean community ,
the last example that i can remember was the underrated babylon way back in 1980 .
so i had high expectations when i heard about bullet boy , a film that has been touted as the british version of la haine !
well la haine it is not !
i agree that the use of dialogue and environment gives this film an authenticity that has been missed in other british films of late , but my concern is that this film predictably ends sadly .
the film intelligently deals with the escalating problem of black on black violence that is sadly all to common in london , but i 'm concerned that film makers now use type - casting in plot as opposed to characters which is equally as damaging .
saul dibb had a great opportunity to make a film that could be both entertaining and inspirational to us all , but sadly missed and created a film that only reinforces the idea that to be a young black male in london
the only future is violence & tragedy
for the life of me i ca n't understand the good reviews on this piece of crap .
it was pointless .
matthew modine was horribly miscast as a leading ladies man .
gina gershon , well , others have said it , but i 'll reiterate , why the stupid accent ?
totally unnecessary .
and her acting was just bad .
i do n't know if she was thrown by the accent , or what .
there was no chemistry between these two .
and the girl modine was in love with , suddenly she 's shoving half a head of lettuce in her mouth and acting in a goofy way ?
where did that come from ?
i think we were supposed to feel sorry for her as we saw her marriage to a workaholic begin to crumble , but frankly , i could n't care less about any of these people .
the thing that really gets me about this movie ( that is , the thing about this movie that makes me physically ill ) is that someone actually paid to have it made .
there is absolutely no purpose for the existence of this movie .
it is not frightening , it is not thought provoking , it is not entertaining , it is not good .
it is a sleeping pill made of cyanide .
the dvd case compares it to blair witch , evil dead , and a few other decent movies , making the filmmaker 's desperation glaringly obvious .
it is nothing like any other movie ever made ; it is far , far worse .
the claims of an " extremely shocking ending you will never forget " are the equivalent of one ton of stinking horse droppings .
please do not ever waste your time watching this piece of trash , because it may make you sterile .
the man who wrote this movie should be wiped off the writer 's guild membership list , and never allowed to film anything again .
because if he thought this was a movie worth making , he probably does not have much of anything to offer in the future .
zero stars .
may grod have mercy on the soul of anyone unfortunate enough to see this .
i am going to go vomit now .
lipstick is another glossy movie failure .
i am trying to think of one good thing that i could say about the movie , and i am having trouble coming up with something .
i guess the red dress that margaux hemingway was wearing in the end of the movie was the best part .
the writing and the script was not the worst that i have ever encountered , but it could have been a lot better .
lipstick was very pleasing to the eye to view .
the sets were very glossy and nice to look at .
the cast was okay .
i felt like anne bancroft 's character was the only feasible character in the entire movie .
it was sad to see chris sarandon waste his time on this one .
i 've seen a lot of crap in my day , but goodness , hot rod takes the cake .
i saw a free screening in ny the other night .
i can only hope they show the funny version to the paying customers .
the big laughs were sparse , the plot was uninteresting , and the characters were one dimensional at best .
one highlight is a hilarious dancing scene with adam samberg .
it was priceless and was the only scene i truly had a hearty laugh at .
other than that , i can only recollect randomness and dead air .
snl & samberg fans may be disappointed .
i know i was expecting more from it .
but it short , i definitely would not recommend attending a free screening or paying to watch this film .
this film was n't programmed in italian cinemas , i have seen it at a manifestation called " fantafestival" .
i find it terrible because some scenes seems like music videos chaotic and dark , the use of fluorescent colors is ridicule
and there 's no suspence in the film .
music is completely out of the story
and i do n't have words to describe the visual effects .
if you look at the first scene the film seems to be interesting , but a few minutes later it becomes busy .
the story is interesting but the development needs a complete review .
lordi was a major hype and revelation in 2007 because they won the eurovision song contest with a ( not - so - heavy ) metal song called " hard rock hallelujah " and appeared on stage dressed like hideous monsters .
but , let 's face it , their victory most likely had very little to do with their great musical talents .
the eurovision contest gradually turned into one big political circus over the years and lordi probably just won because their song finally brought a little change and  even more importantly - because their whole act sort of ingeniously spoofed the whole annual event .
the absolute last thing lordi 's first ( and hopefully last ) horror film brings is change and ingenuity . "
dark floors " , based on an idea of the lead singer and starring the rest of the band in supportive roles , is a truly unimaginative and hopeless accumulation of clichés .
the immense budget ( " dark floors " supposedly is the most expensive finnish film ever ) definitely assures greatly macabre set pieces and impressive make - up art , but what 's the point where there 's no story that is worth telling ?
the film takes is set in a busy hospital where a bunch of people , among them a father and his young daughter with an unidentifiable illness , become trapped in the elevator during a power breakdown .
when the doors open again , the floors are empty and it looks as if the hospital lies abandoned since many years already .
trying to reach the exit , the group stumbles upon several morbid and inexplicable obstacles , like eyeless corpses , screaming ghosts and heavy metal monsters emerging from the floors .
the only three points i 'm handing out to " dark floors " are exclusively intended for the scenery and the adequate tension building during the first half of the film .
for as long as the sinister events do n't require an explanation , the atmosphere is quite creepy , but as soon as you realize the explanation will a ) be very stupid or b ) never come , the wholesome just collapses like an unstable house of cards .
lordi 's costumes never really were scary to begin with ( except maybe to traditional eurovision fans ) and , in combination with a story more reminiscent to asian ghost - horror , they just look downright pathetic and misfit .
with all the national myths and truly unique exterior filming locations , i personally always presumed finland 
the land of a thousand lakes
 would be the ideal breeding ground for potentially horrific horror tales , but i guess that 's another disillusion on my account .
i go to the cinema to be entertained .
there is absolutely nothing entertaining about this film .
from beginning to end , there is no respite from the gray , grinding reality of this woman 's life .
it is one - paced , with no change of mood .
i remained until the end only because i was convinced that things must get better .
they do n't , and i do n't think i was the only one , as evidenced by the many groans ringing around the cinema as the film drew mercifully to a close .
honestly depicting social depravation is no crime , but boring your audience to groans is not the way to win the sympathy of the public .
a dreadful film .
my title above says it all .
let me make it clearer .
if you have seen the bbc 's " planet earth " , which i am sure most of you have , then you are not gon na like this movie too much .
and i own all the discs of " planet earth
" i had seen the rating for this movie very high , and read good reviews about it .
i was excited to check it out .
alas , i went to the theater and the movie started
, i saw it was a disney movie with production companies listing bbc and discovery .
and when they started the first scenes about the polar bear , i recognized them from my dvds at home of " planet earth" .
the movie continued and went on and on and on , me and my friends kept on recognizing the scenes were all from " planet earth" .
we were very very disappointed , as i think 90 % of the footage is from " planet earth " .
i am saying 90 % , because some of the scenes i did n't recognize .
i have a feeling that i simply did n't remember them .
so finally what this movie really is , is a compilation of different footages from the different discs of " planet earth " , with a narration aimed at kids .
yes , the narration is quite kiddish .
let me give you an example .
when they show the polar cubs walking away from the mother cub , the narrator says " the polar cubs are not like human kids .
they do n't always listen to their mothers " ( i do n't remember the exact words , but this is how it is )
so in a nutshell .
this is condensed " planet earth " for kids !
is miike like chabrol , alternating art with dreck , sometimes confusing the two ?
does he match the fifty / fifty rate some claim for chabrol ?
do we see here too much or too little
miike ?
i do n't know .
i do n't know .
i do n't know .
but i could easily fill ten lines just citing chakushin ari 's ( one missed call 's ) steals , allusions , and clichés .
others here will hit on most of them , though not perhaps ochiai 's saimin ( hypnosis ) for the sleazy telecast taunting things supernatural .
only once , when yumi takes the zombie - like mother in her arms , did one missed call startle me a little .
one other point of interest : renji ishibashi ( looks like christopher walken ) as the detective .
ishibashi in audition 's abusive back story , and as dead or alive 's boss aoki of the vat of excrement drowning and more , may be the most convincingly evil character actor i 've ever seen .
so here he 's a cop .
i ordered the movie from korea because i was an extra in it and was interested to see how it turned out .
having watched it i can say that i am ashamed to have had any part of it .
i feel embarrassed not only for myself but for everyone else who had any part in the making of this mockery of british " comedy" .
from beginning to end the film is predictable , tedious , dull , monotonous and cringe - worthy to the point that on several occasions i actually looked away from the screen in dis - belief .
until you actually see the movie it is difficult to conceive how un - romantic and un - comedic a romantic comedy can be .
it 's not only a bad story , but a badly - made film .
in one scene , you can actually see a runner or assistant director showing the s.a. 's when to wipe across .
i will post details of this in the ' goofs ' section .
on the up - side , it did fill me with emotions ( disappointment , rage , embarrassment  )
i did n't feel as if i 'd been raped like i did with the enchanted christmas , but belle 's magical world is still the antithesis of beauty and the beast .
like christmas , bmw hates its audience , although not to such an extreme degree .
it 's ugly , uncanonical , idiotic , and the writing is horrifically bad .
none of the stories work .
these are not the characters we loved from batb at all , they're a bunch of pod people .
i wanted to dissect it , but after a few minutes , i gave up , because no one in their right mind would take this claptrap seriously .
what we have here are three stories .
the perfect word " is an overbearing , ponderous study of forgiveness .
fifi 's folly " only works if you can accept that babette 's name is actually fifi and that she 's a closet james bond villainess and that lumiere is an idiot concerning women . "
broken wing " ( or " broken wind " as i like to call it ) is probably the most heinous of the bunch .
beast hates birds ?
since when ?
do n't watch this crap-
every copy of this video deserves to be cremated .
beauty and
the beast is still a cinematic classic , a transcendent celebration of love , art , intelligence and the human soul .
i firmly believe that the best oscar ceremony in recent years was in 2003 for two reasons :
host steve martin was at his most wittiest : " i saw the teamsters help michael moore into the trunk of his limo " and " i 'll better not mention the gay mafia in case i wake up with a poodle 's head in my bed " 2 )
surprise winners
: no one had adrien brody down for best actor ( genuine applause ) or roman polanski for best director ( genuine jeers and boos ) but they won last year 's award ceremony was n't too bad
but there was little in the way of surprises and i was happy to see return of the king sweep the awards even if it was n't the best in the trilogy ( fellowship was much better ) but what let the bbc coverage down was jonathan ross getting a few of his sycophantic mates round and pretending they were hilarious when they were anything but .
so when i heard sky were doing the coverage for british tv i was expecting barry norman and mark kermode to be doing the links , but instead we ended up with jamie theakston and sharon osbourne !
oh gawd if british tv are desperate for film critics
( obviously they are )
i 'm sure both bob the moo and theo robertson will happily fly over to la to give their honest opinions on the winners and losers chris rock was n't too bad , but he 's no steve martin while the location seemed to resemble a sports hall with seats put in !
not much of a glitzy arena in my opinion .
the main problem i had with the ceremony was the format with the " minor " oscars handed out to the winners who were sitting in their seats !
there 's no such thing as a " minor " oscar and just because the award is for best animated short or best costume design
they 're as well deserved as best picture or best director .
all the winners should be allowed to march up to the podium .
what a bunch of arrogant snobs the academy are becoming and i quite agree with the comments that this format is disgraceful and if it was n't for the surprises this could possibly have been the worst ceremony in history .
as for the awards themselves best supporting actress - cate blanchett .
no great surprise for a competitive category best supporting actor - morgan freeman .
no real complaints since freeman is one of america 's greatest living character actors best actor - jamie foxx .
most predictable award of the night .
yawn best actress - hilary swank .
major surprise since everyone thought annette benning was going to win simply down to academy politics but swank did deserve it and gave the best speech of the night best director - clint eastwood .
major surprise since everyone thought scorsese was going to get the award simply because he 'd never won one .
actually i 'm glad about this because if he did n't deserve it for taxi driver , raging bull or goodfellas he did n't deserve it for the aviator best film - million dollar baby .
again another major surprise since everyone thought the academy would split the awards for best director and best picture while i thought the hollywood friendly plot of the aviator would have made it a dead cert for best picture while mdb 's controversial subject matter would have turned a lot of voters off what these awards perhaps illustrate is that this year the voters have decided to ignore oscar politics and genuinely give out awards to people who deserve it something they have n't done in the past , i mean a beautiful mind beating the fellowship of the ring for gawd 's sake !
and long may the academy vote with their heads instead of their hearts
" you 're not going to shoot those little creatures .
in the first place , they have n't done you any harm .
in the second place , they may be radioactive . "
ah , the joys of no - budget 50s sci - fi  
yet despite the odd gem like that , superman and the mole - men is pretty uninspiring going even with a lean 58-minute running time .
it 's beyond cheap ( the one shot of superman flying is an incredibly inept few frames of animation ) and pretty dull with it , though it has a surprisingly altruistic message
the mute mole - men , diminutive actors with enlarged skulls and fur coats who look more like mr mxyzptlk without the hat than subterranean critters , released from their underground world by oil drilling are not malicious , merely misunderstood , and george reeves ' man of steel tries to prevent the local small - town mob led by jeff corey from killing them .
an interesting counterpoint to the paranoia of the day , perhaps , but with little more than good intentions to recommend it .
quite frankly it seemed like seven hours of boredom as well .
what is it ?
what is it about
will smith that i just ca n't stand any longer ?
i guess he just seems too hellbent on being taken seriously and obtaining an oscar .
i understand how bias this is , but unless he undergoes some new acting lessons i ca n't ever see him winning one .
he 's a huge name and is therefore generally confused with being a talented and diverse actor .
he 's just not .
i give him credit for trying so hard , and being able to cry at the drop of a hat .
that 's about it .
seven pounds was kind of an eyeroller for me , right from the start .
the suicide 911 call did n't intrigue me in any way .
i was n't curious to know why he was calling in his own suicide .
there were absolutely no surprises .
the best i can say is that will smith and rosario dawson had some decent on screen chemistry .
also , i do n't know her name , but the hispanic woman did an excellent job with her role as a scared and beaten wife .
woody harrelson had very limited screen time , but i 'd say he stole the show whenever he was on .
all in all , just an extremely run of the mill unoriginal plot .
i could n't help asking myself the whole way through why i cared about any of these people .
never once felt sorry for ' tim / ben ' .
he killed himself with a jellyfish ?
was the only survivor in an 8 person accident ?
geewiz ..
didn't see any of that coming ...
5/10 is pretty generous .
spoilers below!!!**cabin fever has my nod for worst film of the year ...
that i 've seen that is .
this movie is straight garbage !
there is so much wrong with the film you ca n't help but be amazed at how bad it really is .
this movie had so much potential to be good , but ultimately made nothing of it .
the characters were as dumb as one can be ; for the entire movie you 're just asking yourself " why would you do that ? "
or " what 's your point in doing this?" ...
this is how illogical and stupid the characters are .
we get no background into them , so naturally you really do n't give a rats as$ about their fate ...
you could only laugh at their stupidity .
- the ' slut ' ( marcy ) for instance ...
was she that horny that she had to sleep with paul ( rider strong ) ?
there was no point in that ....
its almost as if the filmmakers needed a excuse to give her the virus so voila !
- would anyone really go into the woods and drink water from the faucet of a cabin without looking at it first?-
why did n't bert just shoot the sick guy from the start ?
movie would 've been over that way ....
besides , they ended up killing him anyway.-
why did it take them so long to finally decide to leave the cabin , even if they had to walk ? '
no , i 'll just wait until 2 of my friends are infected ( one a blink away from death ) to finally opt to walk outta there.-
what was exactly the reasoning behind paul 's attempt to fish out the body of the hermit , only to fall in the contaminated reservoir and get infected with the virus ?
pure stupidity!i swear , common sense was not a friend , much less an aquaintance to these idiots .
i do n't think there has ever been a worse ending to a movie .
in the beginning the kids ask the hick store cashier what the rifle was for , and he replied that ' its for the niggers ' .
in the end of the film , 3 young blacks ( dressed in baggy clothes , one of them in a du - rag no less ) go into the store ....
come to find out that the cashier was cleaning it for them to be used for hunting .
then , he proceeds to give them all pounds and handshakes and joke around with them as if they 're his homeboys .
okay , what the hell was the point of that ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
how tasteless can one be , what were the filmmakers thinking putting that in the movie ?
i as a black man was of course offended by the initial ' nigger ' comment .
it was a tasteless , pointless remark .
my question to the filmmakers : what was the point of the ending with the black kids ?
was that to force me to forget about the initial racist comment made earlier ?
to smooth things over with black viewers , by making a joke out of it ?
well , i for one , did not find that pathetic attempt at humor funny in the least bit .
the whole movie was a joke ....
a pathetic attempt at filmmaking that should n't be given the time of day .
peter jackson really thought this film was that good ?
what film was he looking at ?
* out of
* * * * stars ....
if i could give it a lower rating i would .
please , fellow imdb'ers , do n't waste 1 1/2 hours of your precious life watching this abomination of a ' movie ' .
this is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
in theory , films should be a form of entertainment .
while this excludes documentaries and other experimental forms of film - making ; most movies , specially genre films , must not only tell it 's story or message , they must entertain their target audience in some way .
all this just to say that in my opinion a bad movie is not a movie with low production values or low - budget , a bad movie is one that is boring .
"hellborn
" or " asylum of the damned " as is known in the u.s. , is a bad movie simply because it is just not involving , and irremediably boring and tiresome .
while it has a very good premise , it is just poorly developed and the mediocre acting does n't make things better .
on another hands the film probably could had been a fine or even classic b - movie , but here it is just a bad attempt at film - making .
director philip j. jones tells the tale of james bishop ( matt stasi ) , a young psychiatry resident , who just got his dream job at st. andrew mental hospital ; but the old asylum seems to hide a secret .
after the mysterious death of some patients and the constant rumors of satanic practices , james decides to find out what is going on ; only to find the incredulity of his boss , dr. mccort ( bruce payne ) , who believes that bishop is going as insane as his patients .
while the premise is quite interesting , the execution of the film leaves a lot to be desired .
in an attempt of making a supernatural psychological thriller , jones goes for the easy way out and makes a movie filled with every cliché of the genre .
of course , there are lots of great movies that are also filled with clichés ; but in " hellborn " every single one is wasted and turned into a cheap jump scare to keep things moving , resulting in a boring and predictable storyline .
the acting is quite mediocre for the most part , with one big exception : bruce payne gives a top - notch performance that makes the movie look unworthy of such good acting .
matt stasi is very weak as the lead character and the rest of the cast make forgettable performances .
despite all this flaws , one thing has to be written about " hellborn " ; it has a visual look very good for the budget and very similar to modern day big - budget hollywod " horror " productions .
also , the make - up and prosthetics are done very nicely and the designs for the main antagonist are quite good .
sadly , the rest of the special effects are awful and outdated , making a huge contrast with the make - up & prosthetics .
"hellborn " is a movie with a few good things outnumbered by its serious flaws with terrible results .
hardcore horror or b - movie fans may be interested by its premise but it is a boring and tiresome experience .
it is important not to be insulted by lack of logic or common sense and those who have any " gray matters " will agree that this movie just does n't work .
the problems lay in the direction , cast selections and lack of depth in the character building .
the word comedy was very hard thing to say when i expect to laugh when these words are used .
let 's look at the problems in direction / script .
brother and sister both in their mid 30 's seem to be well adjusted .
they meet a complete stranger at a park and heather graham character walks up to her and asks the most intimate questions that even half sane person would be running the other way or at least scream for a police officer .
he then awkwardly walks over and makes some stupid statements and she falls for him .
then after one date were they all go out together
he falls in love with her and decides to get married in vegas in a week 's time ? ? ? ?
hello does anyone feel stupid yet ?
he goes out with thousands of women and he meets this one person who says about 10 words that we see on the screen
and he wants to marry her .
not only was there no chemistry
it just does n't make sense .
sure it 's a romantic comedy
and i want to believe it could , but the direction made it completely flat .
now heather falls head over heels with her too and
when heather graham and bridget moynahan ( very shallow character ) kiss or more to the point it was sloppiest kiss ever that chemistry might be there .
i found it unromantic and unfunny and while many say heather can not act
i think the reality is heather was clearly the wrong person for this role .
this was sue kramer debut as a director and to me
it was just too much for her to chew .
it would take a lot of craft to make this movie work and imho it could be done with better writers and casting and direction .
" rois et reine " is a sprawling mess of a movie which will probably irritate as many viewers as it delights .
it focuses by turns on ex - lovers nora
( emanuelle devos)and ismael ( mathieu amalric ) as they each confront a major crisis in their now separate lives .
while nora 's story is played straight and is sombre in tone , ismael 's is played mainly for laughs , although it 's not particularly funny .
nora 's crisis is triggered by the terminal illness of her father louis ( maurice garrel ) , and ismael 's by his sudden incarceration in a mental hospital at the instigation of a mysterious third party .
ismael and louis are just two of the males who have shaped nora 's life , and in turn have been shaped by her , the most notable others being her now deceased first lover pierre and their young son elias .
as events past and present are played out for the audience , and the ex - lovers become involved in each other 's lives once more , it gradually emerges that nora 's personal take on her life story may be less reliable than first meets the eye .
cult director arnaud desplechin has fashioned a considerable oddity here , one which has garnered major plaudits in france .
he wilfully eschews established narrative convention and develops the movie via a series of dramatic shifts in mood and tone .
had this approach been founded on a coherent unifying core idea or theme it might have worked , but it 's not clear in the end what exactly desplechin 's film is actually about .
heavy - handed allusions to greek mythology and freudian theory are evidently freighted with meaning but , at least for this unschooled movie - goer , remain less than helpful in illuminating and interpreting the lives of the characters .
at other times the treatment lapses into kitsch but the use of the anodyne " moon river " as the film 's theme tune suggests this is probably deliberate.**spoiler alert
i suspect a major theme of the movie is the not very original observation
that how we see ourselves can differ radically from how others see us or even how we think others see us .
this idea is most obviously represented in the film by the violent death of pierre and the revelation contained in louis ' secret diary , but unfortunately both events seem entirely disconnected from what has otherwise been revealed to the audience of pierre and louis ' respective relationships with nora .
this seems a cheat on desplechin 's part , as if he is thrusting the idea upon us in unmediated form rather than illustrating it more subtly in the natural course of the narrative .
one or two darkly surreal touches imply the presence of an alternative but largely unconscious world of persons stripped frighteningly bare , but again these are felt more as pretentious intrusions of film - making technique rather than eruptions from a deeper reservoir of truth inherent in the story .
in fact , for all its heavy - handed hints at depth , the characters are curiously undeveloped and unnuanced , as if they function more as ciphers for their creator 's many ideas about people rather than as real people in their own right .
much of the detail of their lives seems arbitrarily applied rather than organic .
for example , ismael , as we are constantly reminded , is a viola player , but more than two hours pass before we actually see or hear him play , and the effect of his chosen instrument or profession upon his personality is never elaborated .
hence , he may just as well be a marine biologist or a trapeze artist .
amalric brings a certain manic charm to the unhinged but ultimately sane ismael , but i found devos cloying and monotone ( which may be intentional , however ) as the elusive nora .
meanwhile jean - paul roussillon as ismael 's father , elsa wolliaston as his psychoanalyst and magalie woch as the psychically wounded but defiant sinologist he befriends in hospital make the biggest impact amongst the supporting actors .
catherine deneuve 's in it , too , though her role is little more than a self - referential cameo .
ultimately , " rois et reine " is very much an acquired taste .
should it fail to push your buttons , it 's very likely that desplechin 's undisciplined and florid approach will frustrate and exasperate even as you somehow keep watching .
when discussing a movie titled ' snakes on a plane ' , we should point out early that the snakes are pretty darn important to the plot.what we have here
are very bad cgi snakes that neither look nor move like real snakes .
snakes are scary because they appear to be slimy , they crawl they slither .
these snakes do nothing of the sort .
they glide along like they would in a video game .
they are cartoon snakes .
i would go as far to say that even someone that had a major phobia against real snakes would not find these ones scarywhy on earth then would you want to include extreme close ups of these cgi failures ?
why not rely on suspense ..
the whole ' less is more ' ethic .
or better still , why not just make them look good in the first place ?
and then maybe still use them sparinglytake one look at john carpenters ' the thing ' .
here we have real slime , and gore of eerie proportions .
20 years go by and we get this pile of stinking sfx crap ' snakes on a plane ' .
when are these people going to wake up and smell the coffee ?
special effects are going backwards!sure
you could say ..
but the movie is a joke , get it ?
sure i 'm with that idea , but do it well !
in addition to the above , this movie has crap dialogue .
and the music and sound effects are not creepy or memorable in any way.i could handle every other actor being part of this movie , except for jackson .
what was he doing there ?
the man who starred in pulp fiction 10 years ago .
is this career progression ?
are you offering people value for money ?
i 'd like to know what tarantino thought when he was half way through this stinker of a moviethe current generation seem to have very low expectations .
and hollywood seems to be offering them just what they want .
on leaving the cinema i saw a number of advertisements for some truly horrendous looking future releases including ... doa : dead or alive , ( another
) cgi animal film called ' flushed away ' , and another crap looking comedy named ' click ' .
in addition to that i saw some awful trailers , including one for ( another ) crap british horror / comedy .
i 've truly not seen the movie industry in a mess like this for a long timeexpect to see this movie for sale in the dvd bargain section for £ 1 in 6 months time .
and if you 're expecting to see a black comedy with tonnes of great looking snakes , and some bad ass cool dialogue coming from samuel l jacksons lips .
forget it .
alien hunter : 5 out of 10 : is it me or does every movie that starts in roswell , new mexico suck .
take alien mixed with the thing , mixed with contact , mixed with of all things on the beach ,
the andromeda strain , the classroom scene from raiders of the lost ark and a throw in a little stargate to boot .
derivative does n't even begin to describe this movie .
of course with nothing original plot wise they amp up the gore and sex
right ?
nope gore is a blink and you miss it affair and sex is all tease .
( james spader causally mentions he needs a shower and
the delectable leslie stefanson asks to join him  .
he turns her down .
aggh ! )
in fact if a movie ever needed a shower scene to liven things up this is it .
i mean if your going to have impossibly good - looking women in white bathing suits wandering around an antarctica research base why not go for broke .
with about 30 seconds of actual thrill in the entire movie alien hunter is remarkable serious and slow going for a sci - fi adventure .
needed a much better plot twist to liven it up and
by the way the alien itself is a horribly clichéd artifice and has virtually no screen time for someone who shares half the title .
i also inquired during viewing what is with the children of the corn in space motif .
( note that since jason of friday the 13th fame , pinhead from hellraiser and that leprechaun have all traveled to space to slay nubile teenagers why not the cornfield ? )
the characters in the cornfield dress like logan 's run extras
and i was just waiting for the stalks to come alive and attack them .
that however would have been exciting and apparently against this movies covenant .
the acting is mostly fine as spader reprises his stargate role while stefanson and janine eser model the latest in antarctic beachwear .
john lynch however read the whole script and acts the like the insane bad guy well before the story would indicate it .
alien hunter is a disappointing derivative slog that makes me pine for a proper children of the corn in space movie .
i absolutely adore the ' toxic avenger ' series , but this weak offering by the troma people did n't make any sense , and it had me yawning all the time .
a leaking nuclear plant ( and the growing weed next to it ) makes the youngsters of tromaville high go nuts , which causes them to join a gang , have sex , explode , and whatever .
also there 's some sort of monster breeding in the high school ...
my god , this movie 's a mess .
the actors pretty much stopped their efforts after this one and they should .
the ( intended ) overacting started to get on my nerves in about 5 minutes ...
disappointing .
2/10 .
weak plot , predictable violence , only semi interesting characters .
like the writer ( also one of the stars ? ) was fictionalizing his own screw ups and added an incredulous fantasies of drugs and murder to make it " hot " .
from the predictable rap and house soundtrack , to the family conflicts , it 's poorly acted , stereotypical , and ultimately terribly boring .
even the title has been done before - imdb lists five movies with the same name released in 2007 - 2008 ! !
note :
saw it on showtime , which listed the synopsis for one of the other movies .
was halfway thru before i realized no one was an undercover cop .
even tho another stereotype , would have made it interesting if it happened .
a romance without feeling , a drama of issues without point ( or drama ) ....
this film is supposed to be all these and fails on each and every account , as if it is n't trying .
or as if the director / editor / scriptwriter team is n't really trying .
the actors are able -- they need better support .
one element that does n't fail is the score by george delarue .
beautiful and moving .
what a shame it 's attached to this film .
in a good film actors ' words and movements and music synchronize and enhance the impact .
this editor plastered on music with no regard for dialogue and movement .
the love scene is particularly grating in this respect : an insult to the talents of the lead actors .
there is another element in the film that works : location photography .
notably one moment in grand central station .
i 'd guessed in advance what was going to happen ; but how it was filmed in that setting was breathtaking .
some commentators on this board have pointed out that us assimilation of criminal nazi scientists actually happened during these years of the maccarthy scare .
the moment the film seems to start looking seriously at american society , it switches into conventional romance ; before any human feelings can move us , it 's away on a ( predictable ) ' thriller ' escapade .
just as the film insults the talents of the actors , it insults the issues it 's pretends ( and fails ) to take up .
you are warned .
when george c. scott played the title role in " patton , " you saw him directing tanks with pumps of his fist , shooting at german dive bombers with a revolver , and spewing profanity at superiors and subordinates alike .
the most action we get from gregory peck as " macarthur , " a figure from the same war of debatably greater accomplishment , is when he taps mapboards with his finger and raises that famous eyebrow of his .
comparing peck 's performance with scott 's may be unfair .
yet the fact " macarthur " was made by the same producer and scored by the same composer begs parallels , as does the fact both films open with the generals addressing cadets at west point .
it 's clear to me the filmmakers were looking to mimic that oscar - winning film of a few years before .
but while peck looks the part more than scott ever did , he comes off as mostly bland in a story that feels less like drama than a wikipedia walkthrough of macarthur 's later career .
"to this day there are those who think he was a dangerous demagogue and others who say he was one of the greatest men who ever lived , " an opening title crawl tells us .
it 's a typical dishwater bit of post - vietnam sophistry about those who led america 's military , very much of its time , but what we get here is neither view .
macarthur as presented here does n't anger or inspire the way he did in life .
director joseph sargent , who went on to helm the famous turkey " jaws the revenge , " does a paint - by - numbers job with bland battle montages and some obvious set use ( as when the chinese attack u.s. forces in korea ) , while the script by hal barwood and matthew robbins trots out a macarthur who comes across as good - natured to the point of blandness , a bit too caught up in his public image , but never less than decent .
here you see him stepping off the landing craft making his return to the phillipines .
there you see him addressing congress in his " old soldiers never die " speech .
for a long stretch of time he sits in a movie theater in toyko , waiting for the north koreans to cross the 38th parallel so we can get on with the story while newsreel footage details japan 's rise from the ashes under his enlightened rule .
peck 's co - actors , marj dusay as his devoted wife ( " you 're my finest soldier " ) and nicolas coaster as a loyal aide , burnish teary eyes in the direction of their companion 's magnificence but garner no interest on their own .
even when he argues with others , peck never raises his voice and for the most part wins his arguments with thunderous eloquence .
when admiral nimitz suggests delaying the recapture of the philippines , a point of personal pride as well as tactical concern for macarthur , macarthur comes back with the comment :
" just now , as i listened to his plan , i thought i saw our flag going down .
doubtless the real nimitz would have had something to say about that , but the character in the movie just bows his head and meekly accepts the insult in the presence of president roosevelt .
the only person in the movie who macarthur seriously disagrees with is harry s truman , who ed flanders does a fine job with despite a prosthetic nose that makes him resemble toucan sam .
truman 's firing of macarthur should be a dramatic high point , but here it takes place in a quiet dinner conversation , in which peck plays macarthur as nothing less than a genial martyr .
i've never been sold by peck 's standing at the upper pantheon of screen stars ; he delivers great presence but lacks complexity even in many of his best - known roles .
but it 's unfair to dock him so much here , as he gets little help defining macarthur as anything other than a speechifying bore .
except for two scenes , one where he rails against the surrender of the philippines ( " he struck old glory and ran up a bedsheet ! " ) and another where he has a mini - breakdown while awaiting the u.s. invasion of inchon , inveighing against communists undermining him at the white house , peck really plays peck here , not the complex character who inspired the famous sobriquet " american caesar .
" the real macarthur might have been worthy of such a comparison .
what you get here is less worthy of shakespeare than shakes the clown .
this film was made and cast from my home town .
i remember the fuss about it and the whole hullabaloo about the fact molly ringwald was in town ...
storyline ...
essentially 20 years after a film was " laid to rest " without being finished , a group of film students set out to complete it - with dire consequences .
it would seem someone does not want the film completed .
the storyline is flimsy .
one has to remember that this is a comedy and therefore has to be taken a little tounge in cheek , but it had no real oomph .
the characters are mostly transperant and the little info that you recieve about them you just do n't care about , it seems irrelevant .
it is weird hearing kylie 's accent as australian again and nice to see a kid i went to school with in a starring role .
but that does n't redeem the film at all .
goodness knows why the makers thought they would get in molly ringwald .
perhaps due to the nature of the film ( it sort of pays homage to 80s films / bad horror
films)but really
an aussie actor would have done just fine .
as far as casting is concerned a lot of the acting seemed constipated .
some of these kids ( especially the two main chics - they played " director " and " producer " )
looked like they were trying to act .
that is never a good look .
also , the shots had a rough feel about them .
over lit perhaps ?
just not as smooth as one is used to .
the killer .
lord .
could it be less frightening ?
there are some shock factors though , and a couple of gross scenes .
i did like the film , but it was not great .
it went for 90 minutes but could have gone for less .
perhaps if they had tightened the script it would have been better .
they had a lot of characters get killed - but no real build up to them getting slayed .
maybe if they had killed less people and actually concentrated on a scary atmosphere it would have been better .
now i know it is a comedy and elements were funny .
or so unbelieveable they were funny .
but i am not convinced .
from the start of this movie you soon become aware that the name of the film has nothing to do with the movie itself from watching a naked woman being chased by people in very silly masks to servants running round in the worst clothing i 've ever seen and all this in subtitles makes this the kind of movie you should think twice about seeing and as the film slowly moves along you soon realise that the vampire is not a vampire you got to wonder where the title came from some parts of the film made a bit of sense with pierre and is father
but as the film gets to its really silly ending you have got to think why end a film this way
and surly they had a better ending if only in there heads
this is not a film to watch basically
i rented this film to see what might be a bloody , non stop action movie and got this overly sentimental and super cheap low budget action - drama that makes kickboxer look like die hard .
lou and reb are in vietnam and as lou saves reb from the gooks , he gets shot in the head in what is easily one of the worst effects ever .
the vietnam scenes are shot in someones backyard , i swear !
lou is now brain damaged and reb and him live together and own a bar .
super homoerotic .
lou is convinced to fight in a cage for money and reb goes on a killing spree to get him back .
there is no good fight scenes at all , the punches are two inches away from a person .
characters personalities change in matter of seconds .
one guy is a bad and in the next scene
he 's good .
the acting is horrid and the music is some overly sentimental frank stallone sounding song that would make you sick .
i hated this film .
bashki should be congratulated for attempting to convert one of the great works of english fiction into a movie , and then slapped silly for this attempt .
the animation was poor , the characters looked ridiculous , the music was overwhelmingly blaring , and the film was a ramshackle blitz through the first book and a half of tolkien 's masterpiece .
i can still remember my sheer disappointment and loathing for the movie when i first saw it .
now i realize that any attempt to convert a book into a movie is bound to fail in many ways , simply because of the medium , but this movie , regardless of the source of the story , is just plain pathetic .
bashki is capable of much more .
steven buddy , you remember when you said this : " try to find the path of least resistance and use it without harming others .
live with integrity and morality , not only with people but with all beings .
" you have not been doing that , you have mortally wounded your fans and their morality with these " films " i would n't even bother if i did n't know you are so much better than this
, i 've seen the videos of you teaching , you are so much better than this
why why brother why ... steamroller productions has been steamrolled
i promise bro i am not afraid of you
i will tell you the truth to your face so we can fix it.well
i like some others fell asleep 90 % in , but to be fair
i was tired and had a large meal just an hour before hand sensai , what are you doing .
12 million ?
really ?
do you have any idea what we could have done with $ 12,000,000
it could have been in the theaters and a blockbuster hit , if you wanted we could have donated money from the huge profit to a homeless shelter or something .
these post production people are ripping you off man
the choreography was non existent , we can do better man
, the eye blinking thing was from the men in black movie , i half expected will smith to appear or tommy lee jones to tell your they were gills not eyelids .
seagal
you are an aikido master , why are you doing this to yourself , to us ?
when you came on the scene , you had such a fresh direct style , and it was obvious
you are a teacher cause the way your moves were so clear and crisp , watching your first three movies
i felt like you were teaching me something , now i feel like you are just being ripped off or something i feel like i need to save you buddy , this time you are the one who was killed
and i 'm gon na go and get revenge for you by helping you make the best movie ever .
i know who you really are , i know the truth about the nico movie .
let 's talk.contact
me man
i got some fresh ideas i am a nit picker
, i swear you will not be disappointed with my attention to detail
and we 'll do it for the fans man , your fans deserve better , we 're hanging on , but the strand is about to snap .
i swear i will not let your movie out the door with a single mistake in it
i 'm still trying to figure out if that was the worst dubbing ever , or you have laryngitis , but i promise you i can do a better impression of your voice than the lame
* * * *
who did n't even try .
i sure hope you kicked him in the nuts as his payment .
i can come up with a story and a plot that can be matched to your avenging the death of your student / daughter / wife / dog / house plant niche
and i promise you we will bring you back
, i promise , also i want to go in the direction , that makes people think , if you let me in i promise we will make a movie that people will walk away and have to have a discussion about it , a serious thought provoking , perception altering experience .
steven seagal
this is my official in writing permission for imdb to release my contact info to you for the purpose of resurrecting one of the best martial arts heroes i have ever seen also ,
for the record he s not italian , he s irish and jew
so you call it bad acting
i call it terrific acting , because you have believed for 20 years that seagal is italian :)
kinda changes your perception does n't it .
except for the brady variety hour , this was some of the hokiest television i 've seen in a while .
the video production qualities were n't too bad , but the overall look and feel were unmistakeably early 80 's .
and marie osmond looks like she did battle with the avon lady .. and lost big time .
way too much eyeliner .
it was kind of embarrassing to watch veterans danny kaye and eric severeid take part in this .
even more interesting was watching alex haley talk about the african pavillion in world showcase that would be opening ' in about a year .
'as of this writing
it is 17 years later
and it has n't opened yet ( unless you count disney 's animal kingdom . )
all in all though , for all the shortcomings , this still an interesting visual piece of disney history .
the acting is good , the women are beautiful , and the men are handsome , so if you 're looking for well - acted soft porn , this movie is for you .
otherwise , you are wasting your time .
the motivation of the main characters , in particular the eponymous lead , is often a mystery .
she could have just told the truth - the truth as presented in the film , not necessarily the historical truth - and her lover would have been spared time in jail for a rape he did not commit .
was she protecting her father , who went off half - cocked , as it were , when he impetuously instigated a malicious lawsuit ?
was she protecting herself , with her reputation suddenly of concern when heretofore only her art seemed to matter ?
during the trial , this strong - willed woman turns to mush before our eyes .
conversely , her lover , who starts off as a narcissistic jerk , becomes a selfless hero during the trial .
at least his motivation is clearer : he sacrifices himself for love .
naturally , since no good deed must go unpunished , we are told that she never sees him again .
this film seems to be a rip off of many movies that have dealt with the same subject in the past .
let the future viewer be forewarned that " art heist " does n't add anything to the genre .
director bryan goeres has no clue what to do with the film .
william baldwin keeps reappearing in films , and frankly , one wonders if he has a great agent , or is it that directors and producers love his unusual goofy looks , complimented by that strange hairdo he sports in most of his movies .
the only good movie in which he has appeared , is " the squid and the whale " , in which he only speaks two , or three lines .
ellen pompeo , his leading lady , does n't fare much better ; there is no chemistry between ms. pompeo and mr. baldwin .
a movie to be seen at the viewer 's own risk .
a strange mix of traditional-80s , smartassy , chevy chase - type , "
every - ten - lines - you - get - a - funny - one " farce and sickie black comedy .
mildly amusing in spots , but utterly tasteless .
there is a skiing sequence that includes the fakest - looking back - projections since " on her majesty 's secret service " .
( * * )
a couple of days after writing about how garbage like mad cows and this filthy earth receive money while ange , duncan and theo are totally ignored i had to sit through yet another british movie *
that had me scratching my head as to why it received a single penny .
some people may claim that because dead babies is based upon a highly regarded novel it has an in built market but both this filthy earth and mad cows were also adapted from novels and they were an ordeal to sit through
as well i had read the synopsis of the plot where a bunch of high class wasters go to a remote mansion where they 're stalked by an internet cult but to be honest
this is n't really how the story unravels and anyone expecting friday the 13th
meets the shining is going to be bitterly disappointed since 90 - 95 % of the running time is taken up with said characters taking drugs and discussing sex .
and what hateful characters they are too .
not one of them is likable in any way and within minutes you 'll be getting nostalgic for stalin , mao and pol pot hoping that next time someone embarks on communist democide they 'll be successful in creating an egalitarian utopia .
anything that will signal the end of such decadent bourgeois meaningless that the hateful characters in this movie embark upon can only be welcomed not content with giving us a movie where the plot is meandering and where the audience fail to connect with the characters the director continues to spoil things further by getting all clever and arty .
no doubt that is to impress us
so we will fall upon our knees and cry " oh my god , what a wonderful director the way he bamboozles us with his highly artistic technique and only a worthless pleb will fail to appreciate what a god given talent this man is " .
i 'm sure the vast majority of people either screamed
" how come my projects got turned down while crap like this did n't ? "
or " wtf was the last half hour of this piece of crap all about ?
" you might defend the movie by saying the original source novel was unfilmable and this makes the film unwatchable .
i will agree that this movie is unwatchable
i know the imdb classes this as an american movie but
the style and faults with dead babies is uniquely british .
americans might think they 've got things tough with bush
but we 've got tony blair , not to mention dead babies , mad cows and this filthy earth .
no wonder everyone is ashamed to be british in the 21st century
this was allocated to the fans as the " winner takes all " match occurred between two separate " companies " ( the world wrestling federation and the " alliance " : an amalgamation of former wcw and ecw superstars .
because the final match to duduce the superior company was a tag - team match , the wrestlers were confined to tossing opponents from each side of the ring to another ; each wrestler concludes that in order to debiliate their opponents and to intensify the match , interfernce is necessary .
each wrestler merely pummels an opponent with punches , executes a special move , and tags in a partner .
the storyline had previously been tarnished by the subterfuge of vince that a member of the allance would be fradulent and join the wwf .
it was obvious , with that statement , that the wwf would prevail .
overall : very innovative storyline but poor execution , which is not the scarcity of the wrestlers because the match format is tag - team .
the remaining matches are just revolting : edge versus test : potent " big boot " by test , but this did not display the true talents of both starsal snow versus christian : good match but superflous to the pay - per - viewtaji versus william regal : the worst match of the nightimmunity battle royal : this was an outstandingly fun match to watch , but because the main stars of both companies were involved in the main event , only a wrestler who characteristically appears on " heat " and is probably a wcw light - heavyweight reject ( i.e. the hurricane who is merely hired as an entertainer)hardy boyz versus dudley boyz : the best match of the night :
jeff hardy executed a " swanton bomb " from the summit of a cage and through a wooden table and matt was wedged into the cage , which appeared to be extremely painful .
because stone cold was the wwf champion , rob van dam was the hardcore champion , and kurt angle was a " mole " in the alliance , all fundamental stars in the main event on the faction of " the alliance " were granted work after the match 's outcome , except for booker t. , who recently attacked a wrestler on " raw " and will inevitably be given work .
shane mcmahon will return to television somehow , and everyone desired to witness the downfall and demise of " the alliance " to see stone cold out of work .
the wwf has done much better .
a match in which all tiltes were brought to one faction would have been better , and what ever became of casket and iron man matches ?
it makes the actors in hollyoaks look like the royal shakespeare company .
this movie is jaw dropping in how appalling it is .
turning the dvd player off was not a sufficient course of action .
i want to find the people responsible for this disaster and slap them around the face .
i will never get that time back .
never .
how is it possible to create such a banal , boring and soulless film ?
i could not think of a course of action that would relieve the tedium .
writing the required ten lines is incredibly difficult for such a disgraceful piece of cinema .
what more can you say than reiterate how truly awful the acting is .
please avoid .
this is hands down the worst movie i can ever remember watching .
everything was unbelievably cliché and retarded .
the acting was horrible too .
the camera work was n't bad but that still could n't redeem it .
the writer / director of this film must suffer from down 's syndrome if he believed this movie would help his career .
i want the hour and a half of my life back that i wasted watching this crap .
i would rather watch a video of the grass growing than this .
i ca nt believe imdb is making me write 10 lines in order to post this
but i feel that this movie is so bad that i must continue to warn others about it .
the reason i came about this movie is that my girlfriend requested it from the local library thinking that it was the kris kristoferson movie which ended up being entitled " disappearances " .
i do n't know whose fault it was for this garbage ending up in my dvd player
but i feel that someone owes me at least $ 20 for my time , pain and suffering .
in conclusion , the director / writer of this movie better hope i ever recognize him on the street .
i am probably one of the few who actually read stephen king 's book , the one this movie was based on .
after reading this excellent work , i could not wait to see the movie version of it .
after viewing the movie , i was totally disappointed .
the only thing that this movie has in common with the book is the title and the names of the characters .
in the book , schwarzenegger 's character is put on a game show .
the main object is to survive .
but he 's not in an arena .
he 's set loose in the city and has to escape the game show 's ( i guess you 'd call them ) villians , who bear absolutely no resemblence to the movie characters .
this premise built much tension and suspension and ended greatly with the climax .
the movie was absolute garbage .
there was no cinematic quality to it .
i totally respect arnold schwarzenegger as an actor , but he messed up with this one .
lame , lame , lame ! ! !
a 90-minute cringe - fest
that 's 89 minutes too long .
a setting ripe with atmosphere and possibility ( an abandoned convent ) is squandered by a stinker of a script filled with clunky , witless dialogue that 's straining oh - so - hard to be hip .
mostly it 's just embarrassing , and the attempts at gonzo horror fall flat ( a sample of this movie 's dialogue : after demonstrating her artillery , fast dolly shot to a closeup of barbeau 's vigilante character 
she : ` any questions ? '
hyuck hyuck hyuck ) .
bad acting , idiotic , homophobic jokes and judging from the creature effects , it looks like the director 's watched
` the evil dead ' way too many times .
i owe my friends big time for renting this turkey and subjecting them to ninety wasted minutes they 'll never get back .
what a turd .
what 's to like about this movie???it is in colour !
it has some impressive underwater photography !
it has a rhythmic musical score in the background that works well at times !
so 3 out of 10 !
sometimes the music is speeded up !
especially when the shark or the baddies are about to move in !
sometimes it is slowed !
as if to convey to the audience it 's about to be time for sympathy !
as another one bites the dust !
as if in a " spagetti western " this has much similarity to !
it 's not that the italians ca n't produce quality productions !
there was a series of tv movies with a heading like " octopus " numbered about 1 to 7 , screened on sbs tv in australia in the 1990s about mafia - type conflicts !
and they were excellent !
but alas , you wo n't find it here!!!i assumed it was made about 1960s !
sadly it was 20 years out of date , as evidenced by a funeral scene near the end !
then there was the razor - sharp bite of the speedy shark that makes for a red dust repeatedly emerging in the bluish waters !
amidst it all , either in bar - room brawl or in observing the latest sea - side bloody demolition by the relentlessly hungry shark , the mate of the hero looks on through his glasses of little concern , as if he too was bored in his relentless role amidst a lack of much evidence of plot or anyone 's character development !
at least the hero indicates a fleeting concern belatedly , for his ex - wife !
but of course , even if the music fails to awaken our realisation , we have the sinister sound in the baddies ' voices , as if to nudge us that another dark deed is about to emerge !
and near the end , someone thought of a twist !
just when we thought it was all totally predictable !
but stay tuned , folks , for you may find another twist !
if you are watching closely !
to , more or less , warm your heart !
follow the advice of the hero , and have a few beers along the way !
it 'll make your viewing of " night of the sharks " more enjoyable !
then you 'll be ready for something like a " 007 " movie to ease your way back into reality when this is over ! ! !
it had all the clichés of movies of this type and no substance .
the plot went nowhere and at the end of the movie i felt like a sucker for watching it .
the production was good ; however , the script and acting were b - movie quality .
the casting was poor because there were good actors mixed in with crumby actors .
the good actors did n't hold their own nor did they lift up the others .
this movie is not worthy of more words , but i will say more to meet the minimum requirement of ten lines .
james wood and cuba gooding , jr. play caricatures of themselves in other movies .
if you are looking for mindless entertainment , i still would n't recommend this movie .
take " rambo , " mix in some " miami vice , " slice the budget about 80 % , and you 've got something that a few ten - year - old boys could come up with if they have a big enough backyard & too much access to " penthouse .
cop and ex - commando mcbain ( busey , and with a name like mcbain , you know he 's as gritty as they come ) is recruited to retrieve an american supertank that has been stolen & hidden in mexico .
captured with the tank were hardbitten sgt .
major o'rourke ( jones ) & mcbain 's former love devon ( fluegel ) , the officer in command & now meat for the depraved terrorists / spies / drug peddlers , who have no sense of decency , blah , blah , blah .
for an action movie with depraved sex , there 's a dearth of action and not much sex .
the running joke is that mcbain gets shot all the time & survives , keeping the bullets as souvenirs .
apparently the writers did n't see " the magnificent seven " ( " the man for us is the one who gave him that face " ) , nor thought to give mcbain even a pretense of intelligence .
even for a budget actioner , the production values are poor , with distant shots during dialog and very little movement .
the main prop , the tank , is silly enough for an ed wood production .
fluegel , who might have been a blonde julia roberts ( she had a far bigger role in " crime story " than julia ! ) has to go from simpering to frightened to butt - kicking & back again on an instant 's notice .
jones , who 's been in an amazing array of films , pretty much hits bottom right here .
both he & busey were probably just out for some easy money & a couple of laughs .
look for talented , future character actor danny trejo ( " heat , " "
once upon a time in mexico " ) in a stereotyped , menacing bit part .
much too dull even for a guilty pleasure , " bulletproof " is still noisy enough to play when you leave your house but want people to think there 's someone home .
i 'm sorry to say that there is n't really any way , in my opinion , that an enzo would really be able to keep up with a saleen s7 twin turbo .
the power to weight advantage possessed by the s7 would just be too great .
the s7 has a power : weight ratio of 3.93 lbs / hp while the enzo has 4.61 lbs / hp .
the s7s low end is much better too .
ferrari fans but the saleen just gets it done so much better .
as for other parts of this film , i just have to say it 's so substandard as to be pathetic .
the story is way too weak .
the acting in this lemon is worse than daytime soaps .
i can say that as far as it being a treatise on negative psychology its kind of a gem .
this film is nothing if not a glaring definition as to what narcissism and sociopathy are all about .
its all about these rich punks getting their rocks off while showing only traces of feigned remorse for all the innocent road users they cause injury or death too .
i ca n't give the film a " 1 star " rating because it did n't compel me to actually walk out of the theater .
i also think that having an amazingly beautiful brunette with killer blue eyes as the leading female saves it from being completely abysmal ....
although there is no way her singing would put her on the cover of ' variety'.ps : the guy who plays jason is sooooo the skid row version of james vanderbeek .
1 ) i am not weapon expert , but even i can see difference between u.s. army riffles in wwi and wwii .
in movie we can see privates , armed with " m1 garand " ( invented in year 1932 ! ) , not authentic " 1903 springfield " ( aka " silent death " ) , who privates use until wwii .
difference - m1 can load 1,5 times more ammunition and 3 times more fire rate !
m1 was semi - automatic , springfield requires reloading after every shot .
little difference ?
german army uniforms has borrowed from 1940 year too .
especially - helmets .
german helmets until end of wwi have significant pike on top , we can not see even one in movie .
and if we make little additional search in archives - how much truthful is this " true story " ?
i am surprised , how much " truthful " can be film directors in a pursuit of cheap propagation .
at first the movie seemed to be doing great , they had the characters profiles set ...
the plot seemed to be going in the right direction ...
however , as the movie progressed it seemed the director focused on the wrong kind of things ... or just a lot was edited from the movie .
the characters ' identities changed for the worse within the movie .
also , there seemed to be a lot of implicit meaning -- in other words -- they had things within the movie that did n't seem to fit the movie itself .
and the title ... no where in the movie does the title fit the movie ...
i suppose the title works for the previews ....
actors did well with what they had .....
if they had a better director and writer , maybe this would have worked out better .
but it did n't .
so now there 's a new terrible movie coming out this friday ....
my opinion! .... don't waste your time or money .
what is the point of creating sequels that have absolutely no relevance to the original film ?
no point .
this is why the prom night sequels are so embarrassingly bad .
the original film entailed a group of children hiding a dark secret that eventually get them all killed , bar one , in a brutal act of revenge .
can someone please explain to me what a dead prom queen - to - be rising from the grave to steel the crown has to do with the first movie then ?
prom night 2 had continuous plot holes that left the audience constantly wondering how did that happen and why should that happen ?
but in the end , i guess you could call it one of those movies that is so bad
, you end up laughing yourself through it .
i wanted to like this movie , but many elements ruined it for me .
the use of a fisheye lens throughout and choppy editing did not give me a sense of being in the world of the meth head , but it did make me think i was watching mtv for a few short moments .
the movie never did seem to go anywhere and the acting was truly an excellent example of over acting .
i love movies that give us a glimpse into the seedy underworld , but this film could n't decide if it was a bad horror film or an even worse serious commentary on the horrors of addiction .
do n't get me wrong - i love david suchet as poirot .
i love the series as well as the movies but enough already re : death on the nile .
everyone has done this one !
we know who dies .
we know why they die .
we know who the killer is .
we know how it was done .
so i say enough already !
mr. suchet could have used that awesome talent in another one of agatha christie 's novels .
i will say that the acting by all the actors was superb .
the sets were terrific and very realistic .
i especially liked david soul
but i was surprised at how ' awful ' he looked .
i hope he does n't look that way in ' real ' life !
i honestly ca n't remember from other movies whether the very end was the same .
somehow i do n't think so .
i thought that was a rather brilliant touch whether or not ms. christie wrote it that way .
i would much rather have that ending then wasting away in prison !
well , one has to give the director credit for how gutsy he was .
gutsy would be the right term .
not only did he use a total cast of five people ( no extras at all ) , but he also decided to use sub - par special effects with a confusing and boring plot , he also , and i am not kidding , put a warning at the beginning of the movie that you might die of fright ! ! !
however , they do promise a freeeeee coooofffffffiiiiinnnnn .
to have a creepy limping gardener is always a good move .
yaaa - unique - aaawwwwnnn ....
if you watch mystery science theater 3000 , you might 've seen this .
they like to showcase horrible movies , just to let you know .
a good gift for someone you hate .
this film has its good points : hot chicks people diethe problem ...
the hot chicks barley get nude and you do n't get to see many of the people dieing , mostly just lots of fast movements and screaming though there were two good kill scenes.also for those of you watching this for jenna jameson
she is just a side chearator with a very small role and minor nude scenes .
what this film needed .. script and story would be nice but
i will not complain about that .. simply put it needs more nudity and better kill scenes
cuz lets face it
that is why we watch these flicks ...
i would n't waste my money on it ...
and if you must , wait until it 's on the old shelves at your local video store
60 minutes in the beautiful christina galbo tries to escape the isolated boarding school she 's brought to at the beginning of the movie .
is she running from some kind of fate too horrible to contemplate , a monster , black - gloved killer , or supernatural evil ?
no , she 's running from a bunch of bullies .
for the other 40 minutes that follow , various figures walk around the school in the dark holding candelabras and looking alarmed or distraught , which does n't say much in itself perhaps because great movies have been made about just that
but if you 're going to have characters walking around corridors and staircases you better be alain resnais or
you better know how to light that staircase in bright apple reds and purples like mario bava .
we know a killer stalks the perimeters of the school but his body count is pitiful and sparse and in the absence of the visceral horrors one expects to find in the giallo , we get no sense of sinister mysteries / unspeakable secrets festering behind a facade of order and piety and rightness which is the kind of movie la residencia wants to be but does n't quite know how to do it .
we know something is off because girls are reported missing but we never get the foreboding mysterious atmosphere that says " something is seriously f - cking wrong here , man " .
when serrador tries to comment on the sexual repression of the female students , he does so with quick - cutting hysterics and detail closeups of eyes and parted lips while high pitched " this - is - shocking " music blares in the background .
none of the aetherial beauty and longing of picnic at hanging rock to be found here .
it 's all a bit clumsy and aimless , with no real sense of urgency or direction .
a number of people are presented as suspects but there 's little reason to care for the identity of a killer that goes unnoticed by the characters inside the movie .
i like the first kill , the image of a knife hitting target superimposed over the anguished face of the victim as a lullaby chimes in the background , but the rest is too inconsequential for my taste .
i have to say serrador did much better with the killing children and paranoia du soleil of who can kill a child ?
although this is " better " than the first mulva ( which does n't say much anyways , i would rather watch paint dry ) it still sucks .
do yourself a favor and avoid anything from these low budget pictures guys .
i was suckered into buying a few dvds to support some indy filmmakers and boy did i regret it .
some have n't even been officially " released " yet ( not bootlegs - bought from the filmmakers themselves )
and i ca n't even list how bad they all are .
avoid anything with teen ape or bonejack in them as they do pop up in other small indy films that they are friends with .
if you are friends of these guys , chances are you were in their movies and had fun making them .
but for those that had to watch them ?
no way .
bad video , bad audio , bad acting , bad plot ...
etc etc .
these are n't even funny .
i gave this one a 2 only because debbie rochon is in it and that is about it .
maybe it does n't even deserve the 2 .
about a 1 1/16th star to show it was slightly better than the first ( which i wish i could have rated in the negatives ) .
if you want a decent no budget film , go pick up something from lbp 's " friends " over at freak productions like marty jenkins or even raising the stakes .
those are actually decent .
i saw this movie in its own time period , when having a baby out of wedlock not only ruined your life , but stamped your child as a bastard .
in these days of ' single mothers ' that may seem very far - fetched , but it was very true .
and i 'm not crazy about laughing at someone who is stammering , either .
between these two problems i had difficulty finding this movie funny .
at that time i did n't know who had directed it or what a marvelous reputation he had .
i did know who betty hutton was , and she just made me nervous because she was so frenetic .
i loved " bringing up baby " , but i find this movie just embarrassing .
i 'm sure the punch at some church functions probably was spiked , but i was the one needing a drink after watching this again .
the idea the girl would have to be drunk in order to ' get married ' and get pregnant just added to the misery .
an entire town could turn on you under these circumstances , so the outcome of this movie is really the funny part .
of course , shoot me
, i do n't like " it 's a wonderful life " either .
after i got done watching this movie
i was so upset that i had wasted 2 hours of my life .
that 's 2 hours i 'll never get back .
when you start this you might think " wow
this is really good ! "
but rest assured that first impressions mean nothing .
i was so excited about this movie until the dumbest ending i have ever seen .
this movie is simply pathetic .
the acting is bland , the story line is anything but original
and there 's nothing especially unique about this except that it 's the worst movie ever ! ! !
do not watch this movie ! ! !
warning ! !
dumbest movie ever
you will be sorry if you waste 2 hours of your life on this ! ! !
cult of the cobra is now available on dvd in a pristine print that does full justice to whatever merits it has as a movie .
unfortunately , that is not saying much .
it has a competent cast of second - rankers that acquit themselves as well as could be expected under the circumstances .
it is efficiently directed , entirely on sound stages and standing sets on the studio backlot .
it looks ok , but is ponderously over - plotted and at a scant 80 minutes
it is still heavily padded .
for example , the double cobra attack on the first of the gis was surely one attack too many .
the business about julia choosing to marry pete rather than tom never amounts to anything .
tom immediately falls in love with lisa
and she never has any reason to be jealous of julia ( nor is she).julia 's ' feminine intuition ' is introduced as if it is going to lead to an important plot development , but it does n't .
similarly , pete 's investigation into cobra cults and the suspicion that briefly falls on tom serve no purpose other than to fill up screen time .
these are just symptoms of the underlying problem .
the movie is structured like a mystery
but it is n't .
as soon as the curse is pronounced we know exactly where the story is heading , so the characters are left painstakingly uncovering what we already know .
the ending is particularly lame .
julia is menaced purely by accident .
lisa has no reason to want to kill her - she just happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time .
when tom turns up in the nick of time to save her , it is not even clear whether she was threatened at all .
he then simply disposes of the cobra in the way any of the previous victims might have done .
it is such an inconsequential little pipsqueak of a story that i found myself wondering how on earth
it had been pitched to the studio heads .
then it occurred to me .
someone said : " those val lewton movies were very successful over at rko , so why do n't we make one like that?"cult of the cobra is clearly modelled on cat people : mysterious , troubled , shape - shifting woman falls in love with the hero , is apparently frigid , kills people , arouses the suspicions of the hero 's woman friend and dies at the end .
but ' modelled on ' does n't mean ' as good as ' - by a wide margin .
it copies , but does n't understand what it is copying .
it is obviously trying for the low - key , suggestive lewton style , but this approach does n't follow through into the story .
lisa is no irene .
she is meant to be strange and mysterious but there is no mystery about her .
we get a glimpse of her after the first attack in asia , so immediately recognise her when she turns up in new york .
there is never any doubt about her purpose .
neither is there any ambiguity about whether of not she actually turns into a snake .
then again , during her nocturnal prowling we get , not one , but two attempts at ' buses ' .
neither come off , because the director does n't understand what makes a ' bus ' work and , in any case , they happen to the stalker , not the person being stalked .
these faint echoes of cat people give cult of the cobra whatever small distinction it might have , but they only draw attention to the yawning gulf between the original and the imitation .
plagiarism may be the sincerest form of flattery , but i doubt if lewton or tourneur were particularly flattered when this tepid little time - passer came out .
bradford dillman plays a scientist who wakes up one morning in the middle of a bloody crime scene ; having partial amnesia ( or " global amnesia " , which one character claims to define as elective loss of memory ) , the scientist finds a private detective in the phone book in the hopes of piecing his life back together .
abhorrent concoction very loosely based on walter ericson 's book " fallen angel " ( filmed in 1965 as " mirage " with gregory peck ) .
it was probably too racy for television -- what with drugs and hippies added to the mix -- that nbc initially refused to air it , which is how this low - budgeter wound up in theaters .
director james goldstone gets freaky with the hyperkinetic visuals and camera - tricks , while editor edward a. biery goes wild with the zig - zag cuts .
unfortunately , their admittedly - colorful gimmicks can not cover up the weaknesses of this updated plot , and the acting is woefully overripe .
dillman , under pressure to recall the events of the night in question , goes through an actor 's seminar of tics , stammers , nose - wipes , and crazy half - laughs while spitting out dialogue like , " dream ... a dream ...
drugs ...
yeah , drugs ...
that sound ...
bells ... help ! "
as a villainous fellow scientist with a cheshire cat smile , pat hingle nearly upstages dillman in the grand thespian department by continually addressing everyone in baby - talk , strutting about like a middle - aged peacock and twisting his mouth around in agony .
hope lange 's scientist / love - interest is given the short shrift , but not before she screams at indifferent - lover dillman : " what do i have to do , talk ape man ?
me want you !
this is one frantic " jigsaw " !
from * * * *
whoa nelly !
i 've heard a ton of mixed reviews for this ...
but one of my go to hardcore horror reviewers really found it to be disappointing .
man was he right on the nose !
this movie was acted by pure amateurs .
they had to have done one take , maybe two on each scene , the movie seemed soooo rushed .
the script was also poor ....
they had lines that tried to be unique but failed .
miserably .
" get your meathooks off of me ! "
oh man , i hate it when movies try to do that .
it happens all the time with comedies ... but , with a horror movie and with below average actors ....
the results are incredibly pathetic .
the lines and scenarios were all very predictable .
but what made me feel so negative towards this movie was , again , the damn acting .
it was awful .
besides by the little asian guy who worked the booth .
i thought he was great .
the movie is about 5 stupid dumbsh!t tourist who are on a vacation in asia .
they end up at the wrong place and fall into the hands of a mafia run sex / slaughterhouse .
sounds like a cool story .
but watching someone with a bad case of diarrhea is probably more fun and intense to watch .
the only reason this is considered horror is because of the killing .
there was n't a trace of suspense .
i like many other horror fans were dying to get their bloody little mitts on this .
but unfortunately with a huge capital u , the movie was incredibly disappointing .
i did enjoy the ankle break and the blood effects .
the flabby chicks were also so so .
everything about this movie screams amateur .
this is ryan nicholson 's first feature length , and for the most part he failed .
there 's no denying
he has a sick sense of humor and taste for horror .
i pray his next movie does n't play out like another b horror flick ... unless he tells us that 's what it 's gon na be .
even after this disappointment i 'm willing to give ryan another shot .
from what i 've seen of him , he 's a true , dedicated man to the genre .
good luck next time , because this was bad news .
there have been plenty of unknown movies or movies given bad reviews that i really liked .
this was not one of them .
it was overacted and used camera techniques that made me feel like i was watching a soap opera .
it was ludicrously predictable and took most of the movie to get going then left you asking " that 's it ? " .
once i decided not to take the movie too seriously and watch it from a purely corny point of view it became more enjoyable .
this is one movie that would have wound up on mst3000 if it was still on .
this is another typical unbelievable and non - sensical piece of hollywood dreck .
kurt russell , as snake pliskin in a business suit , convinces me he was a better 2nd baseman .
ray liotta as the psychotic cop is totally predictable and absurd .
madeline stowe is her usual cardboard self , and does little to be a convincing victim .
every scene in this persiflage is absolutely predictable all the way to the end when kurt clouts ray with a vase or something , knocking him down and out .
kurt and madeline then do their obligatory end - of - the - movie embrace , and everybody--- except russell and stowe , knows liotta is going to get back up and menace the couple again .
he does , of course , and russell drills him 10 times with his 9 mm , which was entirely unnecessary .
this movie could just as well ended with the bludgeoning scene--- except hollywood dotes on unnecessary violence , and the more they can add , or " enhance " , the more slobbery they get .
i just watched the convent for the second time .
i had enjoyed it previously and figured it would make for a good drunken friday night film , some gore , some style , bit of humour and suchlike .
i was saddened to find that i could no longer appreciate it much .
it seemed like someone had set out to revisit cheeseball epics like night of the demons for a modern audience but lost the things that made the original worthwhile .
for the record i 'm not even a huge fan of night of the demons , but there were some things i really dug about it .
the convent does the cheese but the not the goodness so much .
apart from the main girl ( likeable performance from joanna canton ) , the goth girl and a sweet cameo from adrienne barbeau pretty much all the characters were excruciatingly unlikeable , festering at the absolute lowest levels of moronic , offensive jockhood .
the film is then gravely hampered by the complete lack of gratuitous nudity which means that , given the awful dialogue , it is difficult to watch the characters and harder to appreciate the good points of the film .
the evil nuns are original in design and get lots of good scenes , though not scary their certainly kinda cool , and the film also fields a fair amount of neat gore .
towards the end , when adrienne barbeau is on the scene the film becomes quite entertaining cause all the obnoxious people are dead and its an evil nun bashing frenzy .
the stylised direction also occasionally yields good results , although sometimes the camera just moves too fast .
all in all , this was a film where for me the shining good points just ca n't make up for the things i hated .
those more fond of this kind of film may well enjoy it a lot more , but for me it was n't a good time .
' dead letter office ' is a low - budget film about a couple of employees of the australian postal service , struggling to rebuild their damaged lives .
unfortunately , the acting is poor and the links between the characters ' past misfortunes and present mindsets are clumsily and over - schematically represented .
what 's most disappointing of all , however , is
the portrayal is life in the office of the film 's title : there 's no mechanisation whatsoever , and it 's quite impossible to ascertain what any of the staff really do for a living .
granted , part of the plot is that the office is threatened with closure , but this sort of office surely closed in the 1930s , if it ever truly existed .
it 's a shame , as the film 's overall tone is poignant and wry , and there 's some promise in the scenario :
but few of the details convince .
overall , it feels the work of someone who has n't actually experienced much of real life ; a student film , with a concept and an outline , but sadly little else .
horror fans ( i 'm speaking to the over 12 's , although if you 're under 12 i apologise for what you might deem an insult ) :
in short , if you appreciate having your imagination disturbed by well written , original storytelling , punctuated by unpredictable well planted scares , and delivered via convincing performances , then i can heartily recommend - avoiding these steamers - made by directors who have apparently long since past their sell by date .
it 's no accident that almost every episode feels as if it were made in the 1980 's .
not to put blame squarely on the shoulders of some of these old boys ( or indeed the 80 's ) because where would we be without certain movies from the likes of argento , carpenter , landis , dante and barker (
actually clive , wtf are you doing in there ? !
glad to see romero had the good sense to give it a miss as i 'm sure he was asked to partake ... ) .
more perhaps we should point the finger at creator mick garris whose credentials include the logic defying and depressingly ill - advised tv remake of stanley kubrick 's masterpiece ' the shining' .
perhaps it is an indication of the state of television today .
are we so starved of good tv horror that we applaud any old sloppy schlock that the networks excrete onto our sets ?
sadly , maybe so .
normally i would n't see the point of adding a comment that does n't argue the faults and merits of a production , i 'd just rate it accordingly .
however , as this series is woefully lacking in any merit ( with perhaps the sole exception of the theme tune ) i write this as more of a warning than a review : don't waste your time and money .
if you disagree with me then it 's more than likely that you have n't seen enough decent horror .
perhaps the earlier films of some of these directors would be a much better place to start , but if these ' masters ' of horror were being assessed on these works alone , they 'd never have been allowed to graduate with even their bachelor 's degree .
unless of course they were studying for a degree from the university of s**t .
i almost saw this at an actual movie theatre ( an art - house theatre , no less ! )
but could n't make it there in the one whole week it played , but yesterday i finally saw it on cable and ...
well ...
i was n't disappointed , that 's for sure !
madonna has done it again :
yet another bomb !
when will this woman learn ?
when will the studios learn ?
( or perhaps they already have , since this film was largely dumped , with little fanfare and deadly word - of - mouth . )
one would hope that being directed by her talented husband , who 's created some interesting and/or terribly entertaining work , would bring out the same quality madonna showed in " desperately seeking susan " ; alas , it just is n't meant to be , for here she is , at her very worst : singularly convinced of her own greatness , the smugness permeating every frame she 's in , made all the more unbearable by her wavering faux - british accent , an accent that only underscores the fact that her speaking voice is immature in quality and not especially pleasant .
this may sound unnecessarily cruel but listen to the woman , and look at her films of , say , the past decade :
like a latter - day bette davis , there is an unmistakable brittleness to not only her carriage but to her very face and body , which here , despite the warm photography displayed throughout the film ( perhaps its only saving grace ) , are done no favors .
to her credit , the entire affair is so misbegotten that one wonders if the world 's greatest actress on her best day could do anything with this mess .
no one involved escapes unharmed : bruce greenwood actually seems pained to be on - screen , though poor jeanne tripplehorn seems to carry herself as if she 's actually in something good , which had me thinking all the while
, " denial ai n't just a river in egypt ! "
adriano giannini , son of giancarlo giannini , star of the italian original , " swept away ... " , is , like his father before him , immensely attractive , and is n't altogether bad ( despite winning a razzie nomination for " worst actor " ) , but , like almost everything else about this production , it all comes back to madonna , on whose shoulders rest the blame .
why her ?
why not her husband , director guy ritchie ?
just who do you think was behind this remake ?
what actress would n't want nearly every shot of a movie to be centered on her , with only a relative nobody sharing the screen ?
oh sure , ritchie deserves some blame : surely he - or someone - anyone ! - should have , and could have , taken his lead aside and insisted on something bordering on actual feeling in her line readings ( for her performance is so wooden it 's a surprise
the rest of the cast did n't get splinters ) , or at least display a semblance of warmth ...
but she seems resistant to be anything but a cinematic black hole .
above and beyond anything else , this is strictly a vanity project for its star so she is ultimately accountable for it .
a film like this , an " odd couple"-ish , war of the classes , should be light and fun , with leads who can bounce off one another with witty , even romantic , dialogue , for what else can a film whose plot involves two disparate people stranded , really be ?
honestly , i do n't think anyone involved knew exactly the tone they were trying for ; it succeeds neither as comedy ( i defy you to laugh even once ) or romance ( madonna 's ice - princess routine precludes any chemistry ) .
it 's not even bad enough for us bad - movie lovers to enjoy .
a real shame ...
around the late 1970 's , animator don bluth , frustrated with the output his company , disney was churning , defected from the mouse house to form his own studio .
his first production , the secret of nimh , was a brilliant feature that still holds up well to this day .
this was followed by an american tail and the land before time , both of which were made under the involvement of steven spielberg and were commercially successful .
although none of those two films had the dark adult appeal of nimh , they still are very charming , enjoyable features for both children and grown - ups .
but before long , don bluth had his first major misfire with all dogs go to heaven ; critics were especially harsh on this film , and matters were n't helped by the fact that it opened alongside disney 's the little mermaid.considering that the movie has such a friendly - sounding title , one would expect all dogs go to heaven to be pleasant family fare .
instead bluth provides a surprisingly dark story involving gambling , deceit , crime , mistreatment , and murder .
that itself is not a problem for an animated feature per say , but it does call into question over whether the film is for children .
on the other hand , it 's hard to say whether adults will find much to enjoy in all dogs go to heaven .
in short , it 's a movie with a major identity crisis .
set in a dreary junkyard of new orleans , the movie starts out when charlie b. barkin , a rough - and - tumble german shepherd , is run over by a car courtesy of his former gambling casino partner , a nasty , cigar - puffing pitbull , carface .
before you know it , charlie finds himself in heaven , albeit by default .
here a whippet angel , annabelle , tells him that " all dogs go to heaven because unlike people , dogs are usually loyal and kind .
this line represents the confused nature of the movie , since the dogs in the movie , the whippet aside , are presented as anything but .
upon realizing that he 's been murdered , charlie steals his way back to earth and plots to get even with carface .
with the reluctant help of his dachshund pal itchy , charlie " rescues " carface 's prize , annemarie , a human girl who can talk to animals ( in order to predict who will win the rat races ) .
charlie claims that he will help the little cutie find her a family , but in reality he is using her skills to win fortunes at the race so that he can build a more elaborate casino of his own to bring carface down .
although he refuses to admit it , charlie does grow to love annemarie ...
the concept of the story is n't as problematic as the execution .
aside from the human girl annemarie and a flamboyant musical alligator who appears about three - quarters through ( with the vocal pipes of ken page ) , none of the other characters emerge as likable , nor frankly , are even worth caring about .
unfortunately , that also applies to charlie ; in trying to make him an anti - hero , the script ( composed by more than ten writers ) only succeeds in rendering the character too unlovable .
as such , the audience feels no empathy for charlie , and worse , his redemption at the end of the movie does not come across as convincing .
( further damaging to the character is the disappointingly uncharismatic vocal performance from burt reynolds . )
besides the lack of an endearing lead , the movie 's other problem is in the structure of the story .
the slowly - paced plot jumps all over the place and makes a habit of throwing in extra scenes which serve no purpose but to pad out the movie 's running time .
the aforementioned musical alligator ( who resides in a danky sewer infested with native rats ) seems to have been thrown in from nowhere , as does a scene where charlie tries to show his generosity to annemarie by feeding a pack of pastel - colored pups pizza .
the whole screenplay feels like a rough first draft ; a bit more polish could have made this a tighter , impactful story .
matters are not helped by the lackluster musical numbers by charlie strouse and t.j. kuenster
( annemarie 's song and the gator 's ballad are the only good ones ; the latter in particular benefits from ken page 's mellifluous vocal ) or the uneven voice cast .
as mentioned , burt reynolds ' stiff and lifeless charlie detracts from his already unlikeable character even further
( the only exception is a fiery confession to itchy about his true intentions toward the end ) .
dom deluise as itchy is pretty good , but he 's had better roles , notably tiger in an american tail and jeremy in the secret of nimh .
ken page , as mentioned , is awesome in anything he does , but his character has such a small part that his overall contribution is unremarkable at best .
similarly wasted are loni anderson ( as a collie who once sired a litter with charlie ) , melba moore , and charles nelson reilly .
judith barsi as annemarie is probably the only voice that comes across as truly memorable , partially because her character is the sole legitimately likable one in this depressing and joyless show .
barsi aside , the only real positive about all dogs go to heaven is the animation .
technically , this film has some of the most imaginative visuals from bluth 's team ( by 1980 's standards , that is ) , particularly a frightening scene where charlie has a nightmare about ending up in a fiery underworld ruled by a gargantuan satanic canine - demon .
if anything , the movie is more of a triumph of animation than storytelling .
on the whole , however , i can not recommend all dogs go to heaven as good entertainment .
even though i recognize that the movie has its fans and the climax does admittingly provide some energy and a moving conclusion , the overall package is not in the same league as bluth 's better efforts .
animation buffs will marvel at the lush artistry , but by the time it 's over , all dogs go to heaven could very well leave a bad taste in your mouth .
i saw this movie when i was much younger
and i thought it was funny .
i saw it again last week , and you can guess the result .
some funny parts in it , very few and too long .
the beginning is the only thing that is funny if you ask me .
if you want a total b - movie this is a good pick , but do n't expect too much from aliens dwarf size
just because an event really happened does n't mean that it will make a good screenplay/ movie .
the cat 's meow , by peter bogdanovich claims to be based on actual events which happened on a cruise hosted by william randolph hurst .
the writer paid more attention to creating a bizarre cast of characters than taking time to create a story for the bizarre characters to inhabit .
the key moments of the story seem implausible ; for example , when hurst accidentally shoots the producer , believing him to be chaplin .
basing a key element of a story on someone wearing the wrong hat is trite and contrived .
the story attempts to be a dark comedy , but the cat 's meow misses an important piece of this equation , comedy .
there is also a lack of empathy for any of the characters .
it hardly matters who is shot , who is killed , who is guilty and who is innocent .
there is not a strong character to cheer for .
as a result the conflicts are difficult to care about and the eventual outcome is incidental .
i loved the first " azumi " movie .
i 've seen ms. ueto in a variety of her tv appearances and i 've seen my fair share of samurai and ninja flicks .
i have to say that this movie was much weaker than i 'd expected .
given the movie 's cast and set up in " azumi " , they should have been able to do a much better job with this movie , but instead it was slow , plodding in parts , and sprinkled with very poor , unconvincing , and wooden acting .
when they bothered to reference the first movie , they did so in a manner that was pretty loose and weak .
in " azumi " , the title character is the best of a group of superior killers .
in " azumi 2 " she seems somehow diminished and less - impressive .
that 's not to say it was a total loss .
there were a few decent fight scenes and some over - the - top characters .
unfortunately , the movie suffers overall from the simple fact that shusuke kaneko and yoshiaki kawajiri are not ryuhei kitamura and isao kiriyama .
the latter two truly captured the " manga " feel in their screenplay whereas the former never quite " got it . "
a patient escapes from a mental hospital , killing one of his keepers and then a university professor after he makes his way to the local college .
next semester , the late prof 's replacement and a new group of students have to deal with a new batch of killings .
the dialogue is so clichéd it is hard to believe that i was able to predict lines in quotes .
this is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the ' 80 's .
despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk .
horrible acting , horrible script , horrible effects , horrible horrible horrible ! ! "
splatter university " is just gunk to put in your vcr when you have nothing better to do , although i suggest watching your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining .
skip it and rent " girl 's nite out " instead .
rated r for strong graphic violence , profanity , brief nudity and sexual situations .
sweet sixteen ( 1983 )
* * * * * 86 minutes director jim sotos cast bo hopkins , susan strasberg , aleisa shirley , patrick macnee ,
dana kimmellfifteen year old bad girl
melissa is new in a desert town and it is n't long before folks around her start dying off .
the detective has to put together the clues with the help of his nancy drew good girl daughter played by friday the 13th alumni dana kimmell .
the local native americans are prime suspects since they seem to upset the prejudiced townsfolk .
these events all lead up to the revealing of the killer at melissa 's sixteenth birthday party .
this below average slasher is n't too memorable .
it has a made for tv feel , without much score besides the title character 's own corny theme song which plays a couple times throughout .
lines like " the killer will turn us into coleslaw . "
fit into standard eighties slasher screenplays .
marci calls melissa a bad name
then somehow immediately they develop a friendship .
apparently marci sees how hard it is to fit in because melissa knows how to wear make - up .
this movie would be hard - pressed to be made today with the main character being fifteen and the director inserting multiple gratuitous close - ups of her .
the social commentary on indians was n't developed enough to be taken seriously .
i am too surprised at the fairly high rating this movie gets .
both sweet sixteen and ed hunt 's bloody birthday had the potential to capitalize on that time honored tradition of the birthday party to create an intense sequence of carnage
but i feel failed to deliver .
but on the bright side releasing obscure movies like this on dvd gives hope that others will follow .
slackers is just another teen movie that 's not really worth watching .
dave ( devon sawa ) , sam ( jason segel ) and jeff ( michael c. maronna ) are about to graduate from holden university with honors in lying , cheating and scheming .
the three roommates have proudly scammed their way through the last four years of college and now , during final exams , these big - men - on - campus are about to be busted by the most unlikely dude in school .
the plot is very stupid and there 's no reason why to watch this unless your looking to shut off you brain for a little while .
slackers is just a predictable teen flick that really adds nothing new to the genre .
the comedy in slackers is either hit or miss
but there 's no real true funny or original moment in the movie .
its really just a collection of gags and some are actually pretty funny .
though for every joke that works there 's at least eight more that do n't .
the screenplay is full of penis and breast jokes that some high school and college students may enjoy .
even if they do they probably wo n't remember this film after awhile as its not a very memorable comedy .
jason schwartzman plays the freaky ethan and after appearing in some good comedies he has stoop pretty low .
jaime king and devon sawa are the other main stars but they do a rather poor job in this film .
this is directed by dewey nicks and this is his first film so you ca n't blame him too much .
the funniest character was probably laura prepon though , she 's not in the movie very much .
the film is very short at only 86 minutes long however , that may be too long for some people who do n't really like this type of humor .
slackers is n't the worst film of 2002 but certainly is below average .
when compared to other films in the genre there 's a lot better out there such as not
another teen movie , american pie and its sequels , scary movie 1 & 2 etc .
so unless you have seen most of them and you 're looking for something new
then slackers might fit that bill but its better if you just watch something else .
rating 4.3/10 a below average teen comedy that 's worth skipping .
woody allen , when at his best , has one of the sharpest pens around .
he can make an acute observation and wrap it around a punch line like nobody else .
however , when he 's at his worst his movies can stench of pretentiousness .
unfortunately , " melinda and melinda " has this stench from opening to closing .
the set up is one of his more intriguing ideas in a while .
four friends sit in a restaurant discussing whether the essence of life is comedy or drama .
to help settle the argument , one man relates the beginning of a story and asks the two other men arguing ( one a comic playwright , the other a dramatic playwright ) whether the story is a comedy or a tragedy .
the two men then continue the story and the movie plays out the stories that they weave .
now , when i first heard about this film , my understanding was that they tell the exact same story , the genre ( comedy or drama )
only changes by how you look at it .
now that would have been interesting .
however , the stories only share one main element and a few side elements .
they are entirely different stories with major plot differences .
the drama is so stiffly scripted and pretentious that it can only really work as self - parody .
if this was the point , then it failed because these elements prevent the audience from feeling any emotional investment in any of the characters .
the comedy is the story that has moments of success , but they are still short and fleeting .
will farrell is obviously meant to be the stand - in for woody , but he could have played this character so much more believably without adding woody 's stutters and hand - ticks .
woody is the best at being woody .
when someone else tries , they 're not playing a character , they are modeling a recognizable actor .
this type of thing only pulls the audience out of the story .
my favorite woody allen movies make me leave the theater a little bit lighter in spirit than i walked in .
this one made me wish i could get my money back .
this movie could have been 15 minutes long if it were n't for all the bickering between son and father .
very predictable .
both male " stars " need a good slap in the face !
would you like some cheese with that " whine ? "
two chuckles ... and a headache .
i can understand why the mother left her hubby after 47 years ...
i do n't know how she lasted that long !
the first 5 minutes made me want to turn the movie off wishing
i had never paid the $ 3.99 to watch it !
the movie did n't flow well and was painfully long .
i kept watching my watch hoping time would fly faster ...
it did n't .
the script had so much repetition that it had to be easy for the writer to fill space .
on a positive note ... the scenery was pretty , fall being my favorite season .
the car , the 40 ford was also quite nice .
this movie gets an d- rating approaching an f
this film is a travesty , and is n't fit to keep company with the superior original .
the plot is an absolute mess , and the film is way too long .
everytime they 're struggling , they desperately inject a sentimental reminder from the first film .
"gregory 's girl " is one of the top 10 british films of all time , this one is awful .
wow , could have been such a good movie , starts of with brittany daniels tied up ,
thinking cool
we are going to get a flash back , but nothing , movie starts anew with the kid filming .
this movie probably would have been better if it was n't for the acting .
i mean the acting was mostly horrible ..
although with the lines the poor actors had to deal with
i guess they did the best they could ..
still it really ruin the movie for me ..
the twins were the only ones that seem to have some acting skills ..
the movie drags to long for the supposed shocking conclusion ..
all in all i have seen worse low budget movies but considering this was hype with the 8 films to die for
i was very disappointed ..
by the way , were did
some reviewers say there was gore and stuff .
did i see the same movie ..
well this is 4 out of the eight , and so far only one has been any good ..
in the future of 1985 , a governmental committee headed by howard hesseman , is holding hearings on tv 's first uncensored network .
they sample it 's programming , that play as a series of skits .
i can name the good ' skit ' movies on one hand , not using my thumb . "
amazon women on the moon " , " kentucky fried movie " , "
the meaning of life " , and " mr. mike 's mondo video " .
notice how i did n't mention " tunnel vision " ?
the reason for that is that this ' movie ' is death in cinematic form .
none of the skits are even remotely funny , or even the least bit clever .
it takes some sort of great ineptitude on the film makers ' part to not even get one laugh out of me .
my grade : f eye candy :
dody dorn goes full frontal
this 30 minute documentary buñuel made in the early 1930 's about one of spain 's poorest regions is , in my opinion , one of his weakest films .
first , let 's admit that 70 years later , spain is much richer than it was then (
and when i say this , i fully admit that wealth can bring problems of its own , like excessive individualism and consumerism , though all in all wealth
it 's a far better condition than the extreme poverty portrayed here ) .
and if poverty receded in spain it was not exactly with the sort of socialism that buñuel favored , but with western european style capitalism .
but one of the most shocking things about the movie is this : in one scene , the narrator chides that in school , children are taught the value of pi .
teaching math to poor people , the horror ! .
buñuel shortsightedness is at its most glaring here , not realizing that it is access to the latest knowledge and technology what will help the poor overcome their situation .
what is he proposing ?
that children are taught exactly what at school ?
does n't buñuel understand that it is the lack of modern technology that has made them poor in comparison with other people ?
there was something here with the female lead having this perfect life she 's always wanted after the worst life possible , beginning as a child prostitute and winding up with eric roberts .
but her background makes it impossible for her to trust dean cain and this utterly destroys it in the end .
it sounds weird , but i like the position dean cain was in at the end and the choice he made .
he ca n't hurt her because he loves her
and she 's the mother of his child ( i think the time frame makes it clear
it 's his child and not his brother 's ) ,
but at the same he ca n't forgive her for all she 's done , sleeping with his brother ( which shows the love and obligation he felt was pretty much one way ) and then being part of his death .
in better hands this would have been a better movie , but for something i caught on late night cable , it 's not bad .
german filmmaker ulli lommel has managed a task many horror fans thought was impossible : he 's unseated fellow teuton uwe boll for the crown of director of the worst horror film ever made .
lommel is truly the ed wood of the new millennium .
this film is as shoddy and laughable as the best - worst of ew .
i am both proud and embarrassed to say that i watched it in toto , morbidly fascinated to see just low the bar could be set .
the answer is : subterranean ; lommel dug a pit and buried it .
the fun begins with the cast of international nobodies .
only someone who has lived in los angeles , where every auto mechanic , doctor and mailman is an actor or screenwriter waiting to be discovered , could easily understand how lommel managed to find so many wannabe actors willing to spew his ridiculous dialog with a straight face .
the main character , a villainous beat cop , is played by a german actor with a thick german accent .
aside from being a serial killer , he is also the oldest beat cop in la .
despite the fact that he stops innocent women drivers and takes them into custody , then drags them into his home ( which inexplicably is the top floor of a furniture warehouse ) , and does all this in plain sight of his rookie partners , the lapd refuses to investigate , going so far as to physically attack one of his accusers in a ninja style raid on his apartment .
the sets are excruciatingly bad .
the production designer 's budget apparently included just enough money for a can of paint ; enough to paint " precinct 707 " on a cardboard wall .
since the actors were obviously unpaid non - professionals -- a sad assortment of european emigres ( possibly deportees if they acted in their native lands ) , bimbos , mimbos , and desperate middle - aged women -- and since little if any money was spent on sets , special efx , locations or other production value , it is only fair to mention that they did spring for a few genuine - looking police uniforms .
sadly , they could n't afford a police car ; the uniformed cops cruise the streets in a shiny new mercury rental .
more than half of the story focuses on the dirty deeds of our deranged german lapd officer and the futile efforts of two young rookies to stop him .
one of these young actors is especially pitiable because he 's the only actor in this whole mess with even a vague shot at a real career in the movies .
the other fits right in , with a rockabilly hairdo and tortured brando posing that needs to be seen to be appreciated .
the latter part of the film is where the title gets its zombie , as the victims of our killer are resurrected after he murders a girl who had just visited some voodoo priestesses to have a protective spell put on her .
do n't ask why a girl from romania would resort to voodooism in anticipation of being murdered , just accept lommel 's logic and enjoy the absurd ride .
after much prolonged hand - clawing out of straw - covered roadside graves , the zombie girls manage to make their appearance .
they look exactly as they did before death , maybe even prettier , with black glamor make - up generously airbrushed around their eyes .
looking nothing like zombies , they look more like high fashion models ready for the runway .
at this point in the movie lommel borrows a creative note from his lauded countryman boll , and injects large doses of cheesy euro - trash techno into the soundtrack .
we 're talking prehistoric electronic bumblebee noise .
stuff they might have played in an ibiza disco when lommel was still young enough to shake his booty .
unlike other zombies , lommel 's girls speak and function as normal ...
er , i mean , as they did before becoming zombified .
this gives our auteur ample opportunities to shower us with more of his golden dialog .
yes , a golden shower it is .
i wo n't spoil anything by revealing the shock ending .
all i can say is it 's perfectly in tune with the rest of this masterpiece .
the spirit of ed wood lives on ... or should i say his geist .
there was not one single redeeming factor in this movie .
the girlfriend and i both love action films .
especially fight scenes ( bloodsport and kickboxer was awesome ) , but this movie was not entertaining .
five minutes of action followed twenty minutes of talking and " angry " facial expressions .
the main hero is a troubled character who has seen battle and thus is forced to look seriously constipated at all times .
the army has disrupted his bowel movements on top of perfecting his fighting technique .
the music is n't good either .
they fight to the rap and hip - hop style of the streets , 'cause these guys are thugs .
the rest of the soundtrack is the usual background noise to low - budget dramas .
everything about this movie is classic b - style .
the actors deliver their lines as if reading them from cue cards and
the lines themselves should be set on fire and left burning in some rotten hollywood alleyway .
the film is called " honor , " but there was no honor in making this film .
it was simply a waste of money , and spending wisely is something i consider to be honorable .
go see felon instead .
the fight scenes and situations are more real .
this movie is so bad , i knew how it ends right after this little girl killed the first person .
very bad acting very bad plot very bad moviedo yourself a favour and don't watch it 1/10
the plot of the thinner is decidedly thin .
and gross .
an obese lawyer drives over the gypsy woman , and the gypsy curse causes him to lose and lose weight ... to the bone .
ok , gypsy curses should be entertaining , but the weight - losing gone bad ?
nope .
except stephen king thinks so .
and michael mcdowell , other horror author and the screenwriter of this abysmal film , does so , too .
the lawyer is not only criminally irresponsible , he is fat too , haha !
the thinner is like an immature piece of crap for a person who moans how he / she has never seen anything so disgusting than fatness .
hey , i can only say : well , look at the mirror .
boring children 's fantasy that gives joan plowright star billing but little to do .
sappy kids pursue their dreams .
frankie wants to be a ballerina and a baseball player ( yuk ) while best - friend hazel runs for mayor --- she 's 13 !
totally pedestrian in every way , plus the added disadvantage of syrupy performances by the girls as well as the baseball boys .
certainly a lesser effort for showtime --- no limits ?
joe don baker is an alright to good actor in small roles here and there ... he was alright in goldeneye and made a pretty good bond villan in the living daylights and has appeared in various other movies .
one thing he ca n't do is carry a movie as the lead , which he is in this extremely bad revenge movie set in malta .
joe don 's partner is killed so he kills the killer 's brother and escorts the killer to italy , but some guys cause the plane to set down in malta and the killer gets away .
the rest of the movie is seeing joe don chase the killer here and there , joe don getting taken into custody various times , joe don torturing a bartendar and being interrupted and so on .
the movie is quite bad and you wo n't find yourself exactly pulling for joe don 's character .
you will be amazed at how many times joe don the hero gets taken out by one punch and how incompetent he proves to be .
the crowning part of the movie comes when joe don chases the killer all over malta with the killer in a priest robe and then they get in boats
and he chases them all around malta .
this movie also features one of the worst closing lines to end a movie ever .
i wo n't describe the story , as that has been done elsewhere .
we are great clive owen fans , and when our netflix recommended the movie , we were intrigued .
no wonder we had never heard of this " movie " , because it was a bbc television movie back in 1992 .
hence , the poor production values , grainy image , jerky camera work and poor sound .
but , you do n't really mind the mechanics , because the story itself will put you to sleep .
it 's an interesting human story , but not at all compelling , and there is hardly any ending .
you do n't really care for the characters as their lives are as boring as your life watching this tedious movie .
save the two hours and do something to make the time more worthwhile .
i was very excited when this series premiered in 2005 .
the premise was very simple and appealing : each episode would be a one - hour mini movie directed by a famous , noteworthy horror director .
then , when i finally watched them it was a bit of a letdown .
some good episodes emerged from that first season , but all in all it was a mixed bag .
i attributed it to the learning curve , and figured that season 2 would be a whole lot better .
boy , was i in for a shock .
at least season one had a few good stories here and there .
season 2 ( with the exception of " the black cat " starring the excellent jeffrey combs ) was a complete and total loss to me .
the episode " sounds like " may very well be the worst thing i have watched on tv in the last 10 years , and most of the other episodes are n't much better .
i really hope that season 3 turns this around next year , but i 'm not holding my breath .
an expedition led by hunky captain storm ( mark dana ) travels to the valley of the kings in cairo to find out what happened to an earlier expedition .
they meet beautiful mysterious simira ( ziva rodann ) who joins them .
they soon find themselves faced with a blood drinking mummy ... and only simira seems to know what 's going on .
a real snoozer .
i caught this on late night tv when i was about 10 .
it put me to sleep !
seeing it again
all these years later i can see why .
it 's slow - moving , the mummy does n't even show up until 40 minutes in ( and
this is only 66 minutes long ! ) , the acting ranges from bad ( dana ) to real bad
( george n. neise )
and there 's no violence or blood to be found .
this movie concentrates more on second rate dramatics ( involving a silly love triangle ) than horror .
this rates three stars because it actually looks pretty good
, everyone plays it straight , there 's some good acting from diane brewster , it 's short and the mummy attack scenes ( all three of them ) are n't bad .
they 're not scary just mildly creepy .
still , this movie is pretty bad .
a sure fire cure for insomnia .
dakota ( 1988 ) was another early lou diamond phillips starring vehicle .
this film is similar to the later released film harley .
there are a few differences but they 're both the same .
i do n't know which one came first .
i guess it 'll remain one of the mysteries of life .
but they both are troubled " kids " who are trying to turn there lives around .
instead of bikes this one involves horses .
they 're basically the same movie and they 're both cheesy as hell .
if you 're a serious l.d.p. fan then i recommend that you watch them both .
you get some extreme mugging and posturing from l.d.p. if you 're game then go for it .
not recommended , except for l.d.p. fans ! ! !
the premise of this movie is revealed on the dvd box .
a textile worker develops a miracle fabric that does n't degrade .
but the movie fails to get on with it .
instead it pads for 45 minutes , noodling around a preamble before he makes the big discovery .
since audiences do n't benefit much from seeing a whiz kid figuring things out , it 's a strange choice : the movie has successfully been prevented from engaging any topic .
once the fabric is discovered , the movie too rapidly establishes that both industry bigwigs , and blue - collar co - workers want the invention squelched , leaving the movie with just two flimsy movements ; inventing the chemical , and running from oppressors .
i ca n't understand why anyone would describe this as comedy .
the tone is n't funny or comical .
it 's more like serious social criticism of the day : that capitalism warps both supply chains and production .
which in turn prevents innovation from reaching and improving the world .
yes , that 's probably true , but without some toying with an attitude towards that fact , the movie is simply an earnest argument .
you 'll need an extremely broad definition of comedy to find any here .
this is more like a british meet john doe ( meet nigel doe ? ) .
where do they get the money to make films like this ?
i mean , there 's nothing redeeming about this film .
none of the actors are known , the writing is terrible , the photography is blurry , the story wanders between being a bad version of repo man and a nicklodeon western and the acting is unbelievable .
for someone who watches all kinds of film , good and bad , i must admit that this film is about the worst i 've seen since attack of the eye people back in the 50 's .
i do n't really like to trash the effort of people trying to create some entertainment or , heaven forbid , art but this film would seem to appeal to no one .
the story bends on a mystical contamination of a person who 's a bad version of the celtic soul eater , although he functions more like a male succubus without the sexual overtones .
the bad guys have to team up with the good guys in a town where they are unable to escape from .
take it from there as that , alas , is the best part .
my advice is that unless you are into bad mythology , amateurish writing , unconvincing acting and tedious settings , you will best be served by leaving this one on the shelf when you 're out renting videos .
this film had so much promise .
i was very excited about this film .
in the end , it was laughable at best , painful at worst .
the acting styles ran the gamut from really , really , flat ( the angels , the wife and daughter ) to over - animated ( casper 's character ) .
i felt that the dialogue was just an attempt to transfer information to the audience instead of real people trying to talk to each other .
pay special attention to the scene regarding " the bug " .
it 's pretty much an insult to the audience 's ability to figure things out .
in defense of that scene , though , it got the biggest laugh of the whole movie .
i had read that they spent alot of money traveling to various overseas locations .
too bad they did n't make use of it .
i did n't feel like i was transported to exotic locations .
anybody could insert stock footage of the coliseum in rome .
however , to end on a positive note , i thought the sets were pretty good .
i really liked the graphics that were displayed on the decoding computers .
it is my opinion(and
that 's all it is ) that if the schmaltz factor would have been much much lower and the action factor would have been greatly increased , this film would have been good .
as far as the movie goes , it 's an ok science fiction movie .
it has a lot of cool stuff in it , and some quality scenes .
that said , it 's not that good , and some of the stuff is pretty far fetched ...
as for calling this another cube - movie is utter and complete bullsh!t .
this is the very definition of milking a great and inventive original movie ...
the whole feel to it can be somewhat translated into the core of the first , but the introduction of people / androids as part of the " team " behind the cube itself is somewhat a stretch ...
i gave this a 3
* * * because of the backstabbing of the original .
this one should have been kept sterile in so many parts of the movie that there is no place or time to mention them all ...
watchable for those who have not seen cube & hypercube , but not recommendable for fans of the series ...
i actually saw this movie in the theater back in it 's original release .
it was painful to watch peter sellers embarrass himself so badly .
the story was incredibly lame and difficult to follow , and the ending was ridiculous .
it was just sad to see how the mighty had fallen .
i wo n't say that i 'm a huge peter sellers fan , but i did thoroughly enjoy the pink panther series and i felt that he gave a strong performance in being there .
but this film should never have been made .
from what i 've read , he pursued producing this film against the advice of the people around him .
fine , but that still does n't excuse the studio actually releasing the film .
written by stephen king , but this treatment is not as solid as most of his stories on film .
a mother and son move into a small indiana town with a secret .
they are sleepwalkers , feline type creatures that feed on young virgins .
this little story has its share of gore and special effects ; plus hints of incest .
alice krige is outstanding as the mother .
others appearing are madchen amick , brian krause and cindy pickett .
look for very small roles for john landis and clive barker .
stephen king cameos as the caretaker of the cemetery .
this film can be judged from three viewpoints : as history , as a profile of amin , as a fictional thriller .
it fails as history , it mentions in passing the coup that threw out obote , the expulsion of the asians , and has the entebbe hi - jack as background , but not in any chronologically consistent time frame .
as a profile of amin it may have been interesting , because forest whitaker is incredibly good , and if this was a better film , he would get an oscar .
( he got it - which proves the oscar voters do n't watch the films they vote on . )
it ignores relevant historical episodes in the novel , which observed amin and the history of uganda from the point of view of the doctor .
it tells instead the fictitious story of the scots doctor and his impossible love life from the point of view of amin .
but the story told is the one incident that amin was probably innocent of .
as a fictional thriller , there is no plot to hold it together .
the beginning is taut - it takes cinematic liberties with the novel , but sets up the story .
the character of the doctor is well - defined , but becomes lost in the second half of the film which suffers as a result .
why the doctor decides to stay in kampala is badly explained - seduced by power ?
why he befriends no - one is strange .
the character of the friend in the novel has been lost because the scotsman has the affair instead of the black doctor - a ludicrous entanglement which does not seem even faintly believable , but allows the writers of the film to show the ferocity of amin close at hand .
the man called horse bit at the end is risible .
finally in 1971 , uganda drove on the left , not right
, the number plates were three letters and two or three numbers - and where are the equator tusks ? !
in short - if you 've never heard of amin , you may want to spend two hours watching this film to appreciate forest whitaker 's acting , but the last hour will bore you to confusion .
if you know uganda or have read the book - do n't see the film - it will only depress you .
and if you want to know why the doctor was so foolhardy - he was n't .
what a horrible movie .
i can not believe i wasted 90 mins of my life watching this re - make .
please tell me why ving rhames and mehki pfifer starred in this film ?
mehki pfifer is great in e.r and ving rhames probably did n't know what he was doing .
i feel terrible for them .
the music background i must say did not fit at alllll with the story and it 's amazing how you can find these directors who have absolutely no lives in creating a well and balanced film .
i hope that in the future no director as horrible as this one was , could ever distroy such a great classic film .
this film should not have been made in the first place .
an advice to everyone who has seen it , please tell me that i 'm right because i could n't possibly be the only viewer who did not enjoy it .
boooooo ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
-10 out of 10 .
this movie is really bad .
the acting is plain awful except michael ironside .
i do n't get the story .
richard grieco is the only survivor after a fight between two mc - gangs .
he comes to a town and suddenly he is choosened to fight against the bad people who wants indian - land .
at the cover it said he was a indian himself that returned too his home - town
, i did n't hear that in the movie , if so it was n't clear .
richard grieco was one hell of a bad actor .
stiff and ugly .
he said his lines like it too .
and we would n't talk about sean young , she hasn ' been any of my favourite actors but in this movie she plays a indian women who falls in love with bolt ( grieco ) .
she is awful .
when i rented it i choosed between this and subterfuge with amanda pays .
i choosed this one because of michael ironside was in the cast .
maybe i should have taken subterfuge .
don't see this unless you think richard grieco looks tough on a motorbike with sunglasses .
i will soon uptade the cast - list because i have it at home .
i wrote it down after i seen the movie .
my complaints here concern the movie 's pacing and the material at hand .
while using archival film and letters lends the film a fresh and interesting perspective , too often the material selected to highlight simply is n't very interesting ( such as when goebbels complains about this or that ailment , & tc . , or the ad nauseam footage of his small german hometown ) .
also , the movie crawls along in covering c. 1920 - 1939 and then steams through the war years .
in sum , the film is little better than a history channel documentary , with the exception that the filmmaker has a slightly greater sensibility than your average history channel documentary editor and thus can more artfully arrange the details of goebbels ' life .
still , i found it wanting .
i am a lover of b movies , give me a genetically mutated bat and i am in heaven .
these movies are good for making you stop thinking of everything else going on in your world .
even a stupid b movie will usually make me laugh and i will still consider it a good thing .
then there was hammerhead , which was so awful
i had to register with imdb
so i could warn others .
first there was the science of creating the shark - man , which the movie barely touched on .
in order to keep the viewers interested they just made sure there was blood every few minutes .
during one attack scene the camera moved off of the attack but you saw what was apparently a bucket of blood being thrown by a stagehand to let you know that the attack was bloody and the person was probably dead ( what fabulous special effects ) .
back to the science , i thought it was very interesting that the female test subjects were held naked and the testing equipment required that they be monitored through their breast tissue .
anyway this movie had poor plot development , terrible story , and i 'm sorry to say pretty bad acting .
not even william forsythe , hunter tylo or jeffrey combs could save this stinker .
i once promised never to walk out of any film ( a personal policy that made me suffer through the most different kinds of dreck , such as rambo 3 , baise moi , deep impact ) - but mr. seidl almost succeeded .
hundstage was a truly awful experience .
anyone who sees this movie will think that austrians are a miserable , pathetic bunch of retards .
it shows a world where love and humanity do n't exist , a world where people humiliate each other only for one reason - to distract from their own miserable existence .
by choosing a documentary - like style with non - professional actors ( most of them look like straight from the imagination of austrian shock - cartoonist deix )
director seidl wants to make us believe that this is real life in austrian ( european ?
western ? ) suburbs .
the viewer is confronted with depictions of sex orgies , violence against women and handicapped people , madness and degradation .
but this is n't social criticism .
this is just pure shock without any aesthetic value .
instead you get bad acting , bad cinematography , bad filmmaking .
if anybody needs a film like this to realize that there are things wrong in our society then this person must have walked through life with closed eyes .
this is pseudo - social criticism with a sledge hammer .
and it looks down on people in a disgustingly condescending way .
it shows ugly people - that is not the reason why i hate it .
but it depicts average people in an ugly , misanthropic way .
and this is why this film is truly despicable .
i really have no idea how to comment on this movie .
the special effects were lackluster , the acting was terrible and if there was a plot to it all , it was on the back of the box .
i do n't think i can remember a movie being this bad in a long time , and i 'm a big fan of lesbian sex and boobies ! !
even that could n't save this movie from being just a terrible excuse to pay someone to stand ( or lay in this case ) in front of a camera .
i was pretty much let down by the overall " zombie " effect .
since apparently in this movie , zombies are so commonplace that running over a couple here and there , and casually talking about it at a gas station ( one with an in - house windshield repair but no interior bathroom ) , the zombie - movie genre is n't even a factor until the end .
even then , a cameo by a dozen zombies ripping off a girl 's clothes does n't really constitute being a zombie movie .
on to the vampires : apparently all the zombies are male and all the vampires are female , which is ok by me .
i 'm not sure how vampires are out in the daylight , or the why / how of a soldier vampire came to be standing in the middle of the road , still holding his gun with a stake through his heart , just waiting for the queen of the vampires to flick it all the way through .
the last segment in the old nunnery made no sense , and when one hot lesbian vampire asks the other hot lesbian vampire
" do you think we did the right thing ? " by killing the two apparent heroes in the movie , that about put it over the top .
the acting and special effects were at an all - time low also .
you could almost see the hoses that the fake blood was pumped out of during the closeup of the zombie who got ran over by the general .
speaking of the general , where did they find this kenny rogers look - alike anyways ?
no idea what he was the general of , aside of generally confusing and misplaced .
all in all , watch the movie if you have nothing better to do or if you have the strong urge to waste $ 3 .
just my $ 0.02 .
i can not vote on this because i would n't watch garbage from these people .
they got my money with another movie ( mr. jingles ) and i swore it would never happen again .
i feel it 's my civic duty to help people stay away from this trash .
go to the forums on this film and read where cast members try to act like they are seeing the movie for the first time .
one guy even responds to himself ... using the same name !
there are shills in the forum that say it 's as good as shawshank redemption and citizen kane ...
not even close ( by no means ) .
if this is the company 's 2nd movie , it should be better than the first .
that means the 3rd movie should be a lot better .
not so , i 've seen it .
all i want to know is how you distribute this trash using the same names all the time .
having fun with friends and making a movie over the weekend is fine ... but do n't try to market that trash !
i was so disgusted by this film , i felt obligated to warn off others .
this film has no story , plot or hint of purpose .
the film starts after the standard " lets be scary " movie intro , which by now every film watcher has become accustomed .
so we can ignore the beginning completely .
we are soon introduced to the main actress and from this point it becomes clear to all that you have just wasted your hard earned and would be better off watching static .
( unless you have seen white noise - eek )
acting is a disgrace and all of them should return to the travelling pantomime from where they came .
having said that , even the best actors in the world would struggle to make this film remotely watch able .
their poor performances merely contribute to the disaster .
senseless violence and what i can only assume is the written word of yet another junked up " eccentric " writer , who probably considers himself to be an artist , has resulted in a film which will test your patience .
it was not until my fellow watcher turned to me and said , " we have been watching this for 45 mins " did i realise that this film is as thin and tasteless as a cup of tea without a tea bag .
clearly something was missing and unfortunately it was n't the audience .
rather than suggest what the film is missing , let me tell you what it has : dumb blonde ( surprise surprise ) , victims , bad - monster - guy - thing , about 2 mins of storyline which is stretched over hours , days , weeks , months ... and credits .
want a silver lining ?
well , the blonde girl is a bit saucy looking in some of the scenes , but expect to want to see her face ripped off for the rest of the film !
this movie is like the material s.e. hinton was writing in the 1970s and copola was adapting to the screen in the early 80s , and , had trueblood actually been a product of either , the results might 've been much better ( especially in the acting department ) .
instead , we get a rather so - bad - its - funny piece of mediocrity .
jeff fahey plays ray trueblood , a former street rumbler , i suppose is the accurate description .
this was in the days of action movies that used guys in their 40s and mid30s and dressed them up in greaser threads or some kind of more effeminate selection of gang garb
and they fought to lousy 80s music .
nonetheless , ray is the lone caretaker of his younger brother , donny ( chad lowe in a part where he screams a lot ) , who he is forced to leave behind inexplicably in a train station when , on the run from the cops , he is nabbed and forced to serve time in the marines .
flash forward to present day and ray is back in town and looking for his brother who has also become part of the street gangs , although in a gang that was ray 's adversary and now old scores must be violently settled ( and again , cops must be dodged and this time , a lady 's honor defended in the action film sense ) before ray can carry on life at normal pace with his brother , donny .
for the most part , the film is quite ridiculous .
for me , most of this has to do with far too much overacting , although not by fahey or sherlyn fenn who plays the waitress he befriends .
the guys in the gang and lowe himself seem to do quite a bit of needless exaggerated as new york street toughs .
although , the bigger hang up is recycled plot lines and perhaps a kind of movie that was well past its prime as a product of 1989 .
a group of friends come face - to - face with a family of hideous cannibals whilst camping in the beautiful german countryside .
the ' mutant cannibal family ' concept is almost as old as the hills that the inbred freaks often call home , so any director attempting to breath new life into the genre needs to come up with something pretty darn special in order to impress .
with barricade , timo rose tries to give the well - worn routine a teutonic twist , by transplanting the action to the black forest and giving it the german low - budget splatter treatment .
the result is a very bloody , but totally unoriginal effort that is made almost unwatchable thanks to some dreadful directorial decisionsin particular , the non - stop use of fancy filters and irritating editing techniques .
had timo rose not opted to utilise every naff trick his editing software offered him , then barricade might have been a reasonably entertaining gore - fest : his inexperienced cast do reasonably well ; the bloody effects are suitably stomach churning ; and there are one or two scares and even some well conceived creepy moments .
all of this , however , is completely ruined by the awful camera - work , choppy editing , and overwhelming barrage of visual gimmickry used to give the film the distressed look that is so inexplicably popular with today 's film - makers .
i give barricade 3 out of 10 purely for the outlandish gore , which includes a nifty scene where a guy is forced to drink acid , loads of nasty wounds caused by a variety of sharp implements , and some pretty decent shotgun damage .
i view probably 200 movies a year both at theaters and at home
and i can say with confidence that this movie is by far the worst i have seen this year
( if not ever , however i have not actually seen " quest of the delta knights " yet ) .
this movie is just bad joke after bad joke geared to the 13 year old and because i had he displeasure of viewing it on a bus trip i could n't walk out .
do yourself a favor and skip this one in the rental aisle .
the four dollars could be better spent on any movie by numbers produced by jerry bruckheimer .
buford 's beach bunnies gives b - grade t&a films a bad name .
as a fan of the genre , i was appalled to find little attempt being made to exploit the young actresses talents .
i refer specifically to the distinct lack of nudity and simulated sex scenes .
what are the next generation of sad teenage boys watching this on late night tv supposed to think ?
this film is a portrait of the half - spastic teenage boy benjamin who has to visit a boarding school because of his lousy marks in math .
he did n't make the best experiences in life before and got serious self - esteem issues .
after a rough start at his new school , he starts making friends , falls in love with a girl and does some american pieish teenage stuff .
beside some comedy elements , the film is told in a very serious way , focussing on benjamin and his problems .
if you already do n't like this story outline , save your time and watch something else .
if you do , please be aware of the following:1
) benjamin is a total loser .
whatever he does , he does it terribly wrong
and then he goes for self - pity all the time .
for me he was n't that kind of " charming loser " who you can feel sympathy for and laugh with .
instead he and his behavior really annoyed me and with my own teenage years not so far behind
i could barely stand watching.2 )
the film hardly tries to be realistic and the story seems to be
but from my experience the characters just are n't ( except for janosch maybe ) .
and yes , i know this film is based on an auto - biography written by a 17-year old - but having some experiences with german schools and german youth myself
, i do n't believe him.3 )
showing the sexual awakening really is an important thing for a film with this subject .
but i doubt that teenage boys do an " ejaculate on the cookie"-contest where everyone has to hit a cookie with his sperm during mass - masturbation in the woods and the loser has to eat the sperm - wet cookie afterwards .
although it kinda amused me in a contemptible way , it 's nor funny
neither underlining the serious attempts of this
film.4 )
there 's a sub - plot about benjamin 's family and his father betraying his wife - still , i do n't know why it 's there and where to put it .
it just bored me .
well , i personally hated this film for having the character of benjamin , being without a message , concept , scheme , whatever
and it 's failing attempts to be dramatic and serious .
however , i can image that some people may find it sensible and touching .
if you liked " the other sister " you 'll probably like this one , too .
i hated both.17-year
old boys should n't write an autobiography and if they do , it does n't seem to be the best idea to make a film out of it.2 out of 10 .
it was pointed out in a now deleted post from another imdb user that anyone who might see " the medusa touch " should be warned about a scene that 's eerily reminiscent of the sept. 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks in nyc .
but i hope anyone reading this will consider this warning .
despite an interesting pedigree ( producer elliott kastner produced " harper " and " the long goodbye " ; co - producer arnon milchan co - produced the oscar - nominated " l.a. confidential " and screenwriter john briley won an oscar for " gandhi " ) and an international cast , i found " the medusa touch " to be a heavy - handed , unintentional laugh riot .
it was a poorly directed , horribly written and acted mess .
it tried to capitalize on the 70s telekinetic thrillers genre .
the movie fails on many counts .
please consider " carrie " and the underrated " the fury " ( both directed by brian depalma ) .
they were two entertaining and exciting thrillers that dealt with the same subject matter .
gayniggers from outer space is pretty much summed up by its name .
running only 27 minutes long , it describes a spaceship of gay blacks that come to earth to free the men from women .
while i see a little significance to the plot , it also is really illogical .
granted , its meant to be a comedy / spoof on society and science fiction .
i found myself laughing several times , so it succeeds there .
the special effects are horrible .
when the spaceship is floating above the earth , you can see stars zoom by for no apparent reason .
the asteroids shown in the beginning look fake
, the equipment on the ship is illogical , there are several misspellings in the text
, the actors are unconvincing , the characters are messed up ; in general , the whole thing does n't take itself seriously .
if you get past all the aspects that make it a bad movie , its very accessible and easy to see through to the end .
some parts are hilarious .
but overall , the only thing that you are left remembering is that it was one of the most ridiculous concepts ever .
seeing that its a short film and has some funny aspects , its not the worst thing to see .
but its illogical and holds little long - term value .
i ca n't really recommend it ; if you do watch it , do so for the unique concept , not the quality .
ba ba ba boring ......
this is next to battlefield earth in science fiction slumberness .
genie francis ( aka general hospital 's laura ) has a small role as a reporter and that in itself should tell you that this movie must be bad ....
there is ben kingsley ( an academy award winning actor ) in this stinker and a few others decent actors .
you have to wonder what possessed them to decide to do this awful movie .
the music dramatically goes up and down like it 's a major dramatic story .
even if you pay attention the plot is impossible to follow .
the effects are mediocre as well and seem really dated .
all of the actors speak in a monotone voice and have no realism to their dialogue .
i could go on and on on how this is a bad movie .
at least with battlefield earth
it 's so bad
it 's funny
but this is just b o r
i n g. avoid unless you want to be lulled to sleep .
i m the type of person who always goes 2 to horror section when i 'm picking a film , so i picked five across the eyes ,
i was disgusted with this film and thought there was no story line and no point that you could enjoy it , it made my skin crawl to think that people like to watch films that just encourage violence for the hell of it
it was low budget and very rubbish !
i think i could of done better myself .
i think that it was the worst film i have ever seen in my life
and you should not bother to watch it the actors were rubbish
the camera was awful the picture was bad and the sound was not up to scratch
, i think it was a little bit like a cheep rip of off the baler which project
and it has not worked at all
it was foul .
knowing enki bilal 's comics for quite some time , i had to see this movie .
i have thought this would be a good way for the artist as bilal to spread his art and ideas to wider audience .
i have also thought this would be a good movie to recommend , and i thought i will enjoy watching it ...
i was wrong !
the movie was a true torture to watch .
the idea has potential ...
but , movie leaves way too much to be desired , and basically everyone who sees this movie is left with impression that he could do it better .
i will not make suggestion whether you should see this movie or not .
chances are if you 're reading these pages that you have already seen it , or that you 're gon na see it - but be prepared for very bad 102 minutes .
if you are expecting to see a lot in the bath of alt&#305;oklar , as it is promised by the tag line , you will be very disappointed to see that the movie consists of nothing but the populist style of alt&#305;oklar regarding most famous issues like sex , marriage and cheating .
to much nudity , which seems to appear from nowhere and has no connection or whatsoever to the plot proves that alt&#305;oklar was unsuccessfully to " try something new " as he has quoted .
to much sex centered jokes seems to show that alt&#305;oklar had fallen for the famous saying which is " sex sells .
" i was hoping to see a very good story told with a very good narration technique .
however in the end i found myself sitting down for 90 minutes and watching alt&#305;oklar 's experimental yet still to much focused on popularism work .
murder by numbers is one of those movies that you expect is made - for - tv but is n't .
considering the only actor of any note is bullock ( although michael pitt seems to be moving onto bigger and better things ) , it is n't a great surprise that this movie quickly fades away from memory to be replaced by more important things .
like ... remembering to lock your front door when you go out .
or putting clothes back on when you come out of the shower .
bullock plays cassie mayweather , a cop with personal issues ( do n't they all ) .
together with her new partner ( a wet - looking ben chaplin ) , she is called to investigate the murder of a young woman .
nothing unusual there except that the perps are a couple of teenage students who think they 've planned and executed the perfect murder .
as the investigation continues , a battle of wills emerges between cassie and the main suspect richie haywood
( ryan gosling).the crippling issue here is that the two leads are hopeless .
bullock , though she is very nice to look at , is about as believable in the role of a hardened cynical cop as rodney dangerfield ( actually , he 'd be better ! ) .
chaplin , for his sins , is a complete non - entity and i feel sorry that he has to put this film on his cv in his attempt to break into hollywood .
at least gosling and pitt , as the conniving sneering suspects , acquit themselves adequately .
as if dodgy leads were n't bad enough , a story that would send anybody to sleep and a highly predictable ( but illogical ) ending shoot this film in the head before it has a chance to run .
"murder
by numbers " has absolutely nothing going for it , even a pointless nude scene by bullock would n't redeem it .
well , just a little but still not enough to save it .
forgettable , predictable and redundant - this is one film that is n't going to move the cop genre forward .
as cassie probably says on her next case , there 's nothing to see here people .
move along , keep moving ...
decent animation and some workable character development keep this animated horse fable from dreamworks
at least watchable ... however it remains somewhat slow paced and the storyline is a bit on the silly side ..
it is interesting to see a reversal of the typical cowboys and indian roles , but here it just seems like a nod to political correctness rather than a proper storyline decision .
grade :
after a promising first 25 minutes that makes you feel all warm inside , you 're pretty convinced that this will be a great romantic comedy .
then the movie takes a turn for the worse .
the warm feeling might still be there , but as others has said : the plot becomes so unbelievable and artificial that it 's almost unbearable to watch .
the movie gets sped up , and you get the impression that you 're either fast forwarding through it , or that the producers decided to fit it in less than 1h40 m and had to cut a lot of scenes out .
realism is n't a goal onto itself , but as a viewer , i 'm pretty convinced that this comedy is n't intentionally unrealistic , it just happens to be .
on the plus side , this movie has a couple of nice interiors , and despite the bad script , i think that the actors performances are mainly good .
if i could rate the first 25 minutes only , i 'd probably give it an eight .
as it is now , it gets a four . ...
and that 's being nice !
if you 're a sucker for romantic comedies you 'll probably have a great time anyways .
if not , i 'd recommend that you watch something else .
the poster who called this " plotless and pointless " literally took the words i would have used in my subject line .
the only thing i 'd add is " passionless . "
for a film made by a real life married couple and featuring lots of graphic sex scenes this movie manages to make what should be a sultry situation into one beyond ice cold .
dafoe and colagrande look bored during the sex scenes , and the viewer might as well take a valium and have done with it .
also , please , the women in the audience have seen way too many used tampons in their time , and any guy who is turned on by seeing willem dafoe pull a bloody tampon out of his wife 's vagina
really needs to get therapy .
i think the key to the film ( if there is one ) is the restaurant scene where a waiter explains to the perpetually sleepy - eyed dafoe what a " deconstructed jambalaya " is .
( all the ingredients of the dish still separate rather than simmered together . )
this movie is a " deconstructed thriller " .
all the elements are there : spooky , isolated house , dead spouse , creepy violins on the score ,
weirdo caretaker who comes and goes as he pleases , auto accident deaths and near deaths , characters with a secret past .
basically every thriller cliché you can think of , but nothing comes together .
everything just sits there and never meshes into a coherent plot or even an artsy mood piece .
at the restaurant , dafoe passes on the " deconstructed jambalaya " .
prospective renters of this mess would do well to leave this deconstructed thriller on the video store shelf .
" look , i know this may suck right now , but pain is temporary , film is forever .
whatever you do right now is burned into celluloid for all time and for thousands of years to come . "
robert de nirothis was initially a film for steven spielberg , the director hiring several screenwriters to adjust the screenplay so that it more suited his themes .
and so we have a dysfunctional family that is threatened by a deranged monster in the form of a recently released from prison robert de niro .
like " jurassic park " , " poltergeist " and " war of the worlds " , the dysfunctional family bands together to defeat the beast , the beast being the creation of the father , a lawyer who failed to defend de niro during his trial .
in typical spielberg fashion , the father kills the monster that undermines the family and is then promptly absolved of his sins .
like oscar schindler , robin williams , sam niel , tom cruise and virtually every " daddy " figure in spielberg land , the father reclaims his paternal duty in the kind of bittersweet coda that spielberg so enjoys .
but spielberg eventually abandoned the picture and the project was instead turned over to martin scorsese , who at the time was seeking to try his hand at more commercial fare .
the result is arguably the worst film in scorsese 's filmography , and , ironically , his most illuminating .
an artist 's failures or misfires are often very revealing , exposing the inner workings of their art .
when the story does n't work , the characters do n't connect or the images do n't sear , we find ourselves left with a kind of inner core .
this 
the remaining carcass- is what the director 's cinema is about .
now " cape fear " is an impersonal film , so we wo n't find any thematic connections to the rest of scorsese 's filmography ( " you already sacrificed me ! "
de niro yells , but the films themes of catholic redemption are cookie cutter ) .
what the film does , though , is expose the kind of language that his filmography hinges on .
watch how scorsese 's camera desperately whips back and forth , how he zooms frantically onto doorknobs and windows in an attempt to force tension and how his characters are all loud and screaming for attention .
but more importantly , watch how the film makes no spatial sense .
a showdown on a boat at the end of the film takes place on an obvious sound - stage , a street parade is claustrophobic and takes place within no larger context and the family 's house does n't seem to exist anywhere in particular .
there is simply no geographical sense to anything in the picture , scorsese unable to film space or create any kind of spatial environment .
the reason for this is that scorsese 's camera always has to be bound , or intimately tethered , to his central character .
for the world around the character to make sense , his camera has to be focused on the character .
resnais can take you around a french hotel , welles and hitchcock can dance you down a street and up a building , cameron can give you a tour of the titanic , scott can recreate an entire future cityscape , lucas can give you an alien desert planet , and most other directors can create a sense of space by textbook " close up - mid shot - wide shot " combinations , but scorsese ca n't do this .
there 's no poetry , no sense of tangible space in his films .
he 's all about the character .
you break that tether , you leave that boxing ring , that taxi cab , you look away from de niro , and everything collapses .
he simply can not break away from this very documentarian style of shooting , which , in a way , is a prerequisite for action film - making .
scorsese tried to rectify this problem with " gangs of new york " , where the space and the sets become the central character , but even this self consciously spatial experiment gets sabotaged by the magnetism of daniel day lewis , the actor drawing scorsese 's camera inexorably toward him like a moth to a bulb.5/10 
even as a generic b - movie , this is an ugly , vulgar looking film .
look at the matte paintings , the inept attempts at tension , the silly rotorscoped special effects and hokey fistfight showdown .
still , we have robert de niro to pick up the slack .
de niro , who gives his body over to scorsese like a tattooed christ , gives the film its only great scene .
in an improvised romantic sequence with young a juliette lewis , he sticks his thumb into her mouth and kisses her .
a kind of symbolic rape , the girl runs away , both aroused and repelled by this man 's interest .
but de niro 's performance , so deliciously over the top , simply ca n't be imitated by scorsese .
you 'd need the operatic tone and the baroque visuals of someone like de palma to make this work .
but scorsese ?
nope .
worth one viewing .
okay , the story makes no sense , the characters lack any dimensionally , the best dialogue is ad - libs about the low quality of movie , the cinematography is dismal , and only editing saves a bit of the muddle , but sam " peckinpah directed the film .
somehow , his direction is not enough .
for those who appreciate peckinpah and his great work , this movie is a disappointment .
even a great cast can not redeem the time the viewer wastes with this minimal effort .
the proper response to the movie is the contempt that the director san peckinpah , james caan , robert duvall , burt young , bo hopkins , arthur hill , and even gig young bring to their work .
watch the great peckinpah films .
skip this mess .
like most of the festivals entries hamiltons makes for an interesting watch a film that s all ideas and little execution .
although impressive for it 's obvious low budget
the film falters in it 's final twist and becomes dreadfully long during it 's drawn out and obvious conclusion .
the film is about a family of murderous outcasts trying to survive after there parents have died .
they kidnap people , drain the blood from them and feed something locked away in their basement .
there 's some nice darkly humorous performances from mckellhar and firgens and the rest are just so - so .
the film never feels realistic or very disturbing for that matter .
but for the first half taps into an oddly humorous and dark mixture which is a surprising accomplishment .
the next half is n't so successful as it receeds into film oblivion with unrealistic twists into a ridiculously cocky finale that turns the entire film into utter crap .
it 's a shame though there is no doubt that some talent was involved with this production and although deeply flawed it remains original and creative .
too bad that when it comes to the delivery it completely fails on every level.**/5
" i thought i 'd be locked away in a padded cell and they 'd throw away the key " ( thus is a paraphrased snatch of dialogue from " state of mind" .
one wonders in what tangled forest paula milne and her co - writer found the magic mushrooms they must have eaten , to create this feeble " whodunnit " and bring such rubbish to our screens .
a padded cell should indeed be left available .
niamh cusack did her best , ( as did the other actors ) but surely her talent deserves a better vehicle than this .
the height of absurdity has been reached , and this particular " state of mind " is best buried and forgotten , and certainly not just " placed in a box and locked away in a drawer " .
boy oh boy
oh golly gee
, the most interesting thing in the movie was the hilarity of the bluescreen effects used to create mom 's " invisibility .
" they looked like they were shot on cheap video , and it looks totally unreal , and not even in a good way where its so funny that you end up loving the movie ...
i did not end up loving this movie .
the attempted " steadicam " shots were really pathetic as well .
i mean , hey , if they had a low budget flick , that 's fine .
you can still make a great movie with a low budget .
but , a bad movie and a low budget and effects .
that makes for a bad combination .
in this case , such a doomed combo created the craptastic film , " invisible mom .
" if you have kids , and your kids have no taste , perhaps they will stay awake through all of this one .
the story of the film was as simple minded as its morality : go find a girl , marry her , live with her happily ever after .
though the film had some fine moments and turns , most of it stayed at the surface of what might have been shown in a film with the same storyline .
the baptist / mormon struggle was only touched superficially and was mocked about , probably intentionally .
a more interesting story would have been a mixed couple .
if you wanna see a film which does n't need too much concentration , which can be watched by the whole family and which teaches your children modest and conservative values ( besides the modern tolerance stuff ;-) ) , you will be fine with this film .
might be shown at a family - home - evening ...
annoying , static comedy with a painfully miscast peter sellers as a smarmy , self - centered casanova who always has his way with the ladies .
a major blemish on sellers ' filmography , and , even worse , a film that seems to have been made solely to satisfy the ego of its star .
a below average looking video game is turned into some sort of conspiracy to have the next terrorist discovered in the usa backyard .
welcome to the lunacy of cheaply made direct to video movies .
its full of no - name actors and actresses with little valuable plot .
anyway , this strange game goes on and our " hero " bets real money and does good at it .
it is sort of like gambling , except the gambling part is gone and it sucks .
instead its an online game with little real value and you get authorities on your tail if you do good .
what makes it even stranger is that two strange computer programs battle it out somehow and all is saved in the end .
i will leave the viewer to see how it all comes to fruition .
overall , not even worth a $ 1 rental .
borrow it , please . " d- "
there are n't many good things to say at all about underneath , soderbergh 's untrue endeavor into neo - noir .
soderbergh remakes robert siodmak 's decent noir criss - cross faithfully , not altering the plot very much at all , however the adaptation drains it of every ounce of its state - of - the - art film noir atmosphere , giving it the same story set in the very least appealing places , lifestyles and anachronisms .
soderbergh , who would later make wonderful crime films like out of sight and the ocean 's series with great style and atmosphere , takes the dangerously obvious route to modernization by renovating the story with the ugliest , dullest and flattest fashions of the early 1990s .
nightclubs have terrible , revoltingly dressed garage bands , peter gallagher 's uninteresting version of burt lancaster 's anti - hero is left by his femme fatale girlfriend for compulsively buying cinematically lifeless modern appliances like stereos , tvs , and other up to date pieces of equipment that suck the reaction out of the film .
it could 've been more entertaining and less boring
had it
a few saving graces like a good score , more flesh to its characters , more than just
william fichtner giving performances that are n't wooden , a crisper pace .
unfortunately , underneath has none of these things .
soderbergh , a fine director , does not utilize his dry detachment to the benefit of his film this time .
that disposition works wonderfully when he 's helming a crime movie with more tongue in its cheek like the george clooney pictures previously mentioned , or a social or character drama like traffic or sex , lies and videotape .
with a movie like underneath , it intensifies the boredom experienced by the viewer .
when this film plays on television you might want to save about 90 minutes of your time and change the channel .
there 's nothing special here that you need to see .
story is about two married couples from arkansas who go on a trip together to reno .
couple number one is lonnie earl dodd ( billy bob thornton ) who is a car dealer and having problems with his marriage .
his wife is darlene ( natasha richardson ) and she has a low self opinion of herself and they have n't been intimate in a long time .
lonnie has been sleeping with candy ( charlize theron ) who is the wife of his best friend roy kirkendall ( patrick swayze ) .
they all drive to reno and the four of them stay in one luxurious suite .
roy and candy have been trying to have a baby and finally candy discovers that she is pregnant .
but roy phones his doctor in arkansas and finds out that he 's sterile .
candy and lonnie admit their affair and now the whole trip is in chaos .
this film is directed by jordan brady and he 's made a few other low budget films
but this is his first with a cast this impressive .
unfortunately brady does n't show much comedic flair
but you ca n't lay all the blame on him .
this script is just not funny and one of the glaring problems is that the characters are all written down to a sitcom level .
just because they 're all from the south does n't mean that they have to be naive and idiotic .
thornton 's character does n't have the sophistication to tip the bellboy more than a dollar .
and swayze 's character is called stupid and dumb by everyone throughout the film and one of the rare good moments comes when he asks everyone to lay off of him for at least one day .
penelope cruz pops up as a prostitute and it 's a totally worthless and pointless cameo .
she barely speaks more than 3 or 4 lines !
i think she was fulfilling an obligation to harvey and bob weinstein who are executive producers for this film .
the only person who actually is n't to bad is richardson .
we watch her become more confident in herself but this plotline in the film is very obvious and cliche .
all of these actors should know better and it 's hard to figure that they all read the script and liked it .
it 's a complete waste of time for these actors but at least they got paid .
as for the viewers , your not getting paid so skip this one !
weak bobby " pineapple salsa " flay and mario batali bring this down .
flay being the worst .
definitely a one trick pony , i think they could have gotten other american chefs to come to the table on this one as the iron chefs .
the kind of dishes this duo come up with really ... don't reflect on the creativity of the original iron chef series .
i do n't think batali even went to chef school , actually .
there are a lot of great chefs in america , i just wonder why they do n't appear on the food network .
it would also help to have more regional ingredients and perhaps co - hosts who can handle the pressure .
i like alton brown , but he is a bit too flippant / funny for this role .
this movie was god - awful , from conception to execution .
the us needs to set up a " star wars " site in this remote country ?
this is their premise ?
the way to gain access , the us concludes , is to win an obstacle course like cross - country race , where the winner can ask anything of the leader .
and who better to win this race known as the " game " than a gymnast ?
of course !
a gymnast would be the perfect choice for this mission .
and do n't forget that his father was an operative .
lucky for our hero , there happen to be gymnastic equipment in fortunate spots , like the stone pommel horse in the middle of a square ( for no reason ) amidst crazy town .
perfect .
but above and beyond the horrible , horibble premise , is the awkward fumblings of the romantic scenes , the obviously highly depressed ninjas whose only job seems to be holding a flag to point out the race path , and the worst climax ever .
after winning the race , our hero puts forth the wishes of the us government .
and lo and behold , all the effort was worth it , because the us gets its " star wars " site !
huzzah !
this is your triumphant ending ? !
but still , being such a bad movie , it can be great fun to watch .
the cover alone , depicting ninjas with machine guns , was enough to get me to rent this film .
but if i were ever to meet kurt thomas ( the gymnast - star ) in real life , i would probably kick him in the face after a double somersault with 2 1/2 twists in the layout position .
i just could n't stop laughing ! !
this movie is incredibly funny and stupid !
but , never mind that , it is very entertaining !
in this film , you do n't need to pay attention to anything !
the acting is the same - lame !
the dinosaurs are the same - rubber ( oh , my i could see the stick that holds t - rex head for a moment . )
the raptors are the same from the carnosaur 2 , t - rex is also the same , but ... in some scenes his head looks kinda stuffed and it looks like some kind of project failure from kindergarten .
action is fast , sometimes too fast , actually i talk about fast editing , they edited it so fast , so that we can not see the rubber dinosaurs , but oopps !
to late , they are rubber !
well , only things interesting here is to see rick dean in this sequel .
what can i say ... do n't rent it
... watch it on tv , with friends , it is much more entertaining !
this movie was yet another waste of time ...
why oh why do i keep renting crap like this ? ...
someone please tell me ...
* sigh
oh well .
back to the movie at hand : cube zero is probably worth it if you really really enjoyed the first movie , ( like i did ) , and just want to check out what 's up in the last ( hopefully ) movie scraped together just to keep some poor actors and screenwriters employed , then of course this is the movie for you .
but if you are looking for a good movie with good acting and a fantastic plot ...
* evil grin
* then this movie is definitely for you :-d
ok i 'm lying ...
at best this movie sucks .
ok , i have to admit that certain elements to it was cool ..
well .. coolish ...
and i laughed quite a few times , prolly at the wrong things , but nevertheless i was amused . :-)
but all in all the few things that barely makes the " ok " category is n't enough to make this movie worth it at all ..
unless you count " manos - hand of fate " one of the top ten movies ever !
- a film crew is shooting a horror movie in an old , supposedly cursed house where over the years , seven people have mysteriously died .
one of the crew finds an old book of spells and it looks like it would be perfect to use in some of the ritual scenes in their movie .
it is reasoned that the spells in the book are better written than the script they are using .
but as the book is read , the graveyard outside suddenly comes to life .
now the cast and crew are faced with real danger .-
imdb lists a running time of 90 minutes .
for the first 60 of those minutes , nothing happens .
far too much time is spent on the movie within a movie .
are we supposed to be frightened by the horror movie that they are shooting ?
we already know that their movie is n't " real " .
these scares just do n't work.-
there are very few things to enjoy about the house of seven corpses .
the acting is atrocious .
most of these " actors " would have trouble making a elementary school play .
the score is terrible .
it is very reminiscent of a 70s television series and provides no atmosphere .
speaking of atmosphere , other than a few moments at the end of the movie , there is none to speak of .
character logic is all but non - existent .
even in a movie , you expect characters to behave in a certain way .
here , i do n't think i remember one scene where a character did n't choose the most illogical avenue available to them .
and finally , there 's those first 60 minutes of the movie that i 've already mentioned .
can you say boring ?
- i have n't rated the house of seven corpses any lower because of instances where the movie ( probably by accident ) actually works .
my two favorite are the beginning and ending .
the opening title sequence presents the deaths of the seven previous owners and may be the highlight of the movie .
and , the ending scenes on the massive staircase as the zombie menaces the film crew are somewhat effective ( what a ringing endorsement ) .
overall though , these moments are n't enough to make this a good movie .
the world is facing imminent destruction and a suicide mission is sent to the sun to avert catastrophe by firing a bomb into its fiery heart
: yes , it 's solar crisis , aka crisis 2050 , which burned up a huge chunk of change that 's never apparent on screen back in 1990 and returned barely enough to buy a happy meal for each of the cast in japan before going straight to video ( remember them ? )
in a re - edited version credited to one alan smithee .
the plot hook 's pretty much the same as sunshine - suicide mission to the sun , saboteur on board ,
logic cast adrift - except that this time they 're not trying to reignite the sun but to prematurely detonate a solar flare before it can reach earth .
with a talking bomb .
voiced by paul williams .
who wants to be promoted
so the crew will take him more seriously   given that the cast also includes jack palance at his most dementedly ott , charlton heston at his most rigid , top - liner tim matheson at his most anonymous , the original hills have eyes ' unforgettable michael berryman ( you may not remember the name , but
you do remember that face ) and peter boyle as the industrialist out to sabotage the mission because , er , if it succeeds the world will be saved but his share price will go down
, you 'd expect if not a laugh - a - minute
at least a laugh every reel .
no joy .
this is the worst kind of bad movie : a boring one .
the fate of the world may be hanging in the balance but the whole film is shot with a complete lack of urgency or momentum at the same unvarying deadly slow pace .
there 's low - key
and there 's walking through it , but here the cast do n't even do that .
instead , they just stand still looking at screens in near darkness for most of the time .
you keep on hoping for paul williams ' talking bomb to suffer an existential crisis , but instead the film just ... stands there , doing next to nothing .
literally .
this is one of the most inert movies ever made 
so inert that if clive owen had been cast , he 'd almost have looked lively by comparison .
even a poorly explained suicidal repair attempt fails to raise a fritter of interest since it mostly involves , yep , the cast just standing still looking at screens in near darkness .
even when the bomb prematurely goes into countdown before being launched they deal with the new crisis by   standing still looking at screens in near darkness as if they had all the time in the world .
merchant - ivory films have better action scenes .
things are n't much livelier down on earth where the movie spends most of it 's running time with matheson 's son / chuck 's grandson corin nemec trying to hitch a ride to the spaceport across an arid landscape with palance 's insane desert artist " looking for that note out there while the chicks still dig me " while waylaid by rejects from a mad max ripoff and evil corporate suits who track him down so they can   release him on a nice beach .
just do n't expect logic , if you have n't already guessed that much .
best moment ?
a ditzy girl in a bar describing jack palance as " an old guy with white hair and a face like rotting leather , " though chucky baby taking out the villain 's aircraft with a bazooka fired from the hip from an office window or beating up a barfly who likes his beret are welcome morsels of camp in a film that for 99 % of it 's running time offers a whole lot of nuttin ' .
richard c. sarafian 's slightly longer original cut that played in japan offers an additional six minutes but cries out to be cut down to a more manageable 17 minutes : the director of vanishing point must have thanked his lucky stars when the re - edit gave him an excuse to take his name off the film .
a film so bad
it 's not good , and painfully unfunny with it
judging by some of the comments in imdb , i was expecting an action movie - perhaps a dramatic one or a stupid one or a simple one or a comicy one , but essentially an action movie .
whatever it is that i watched , it certainly did n't feel like a movie .
the story is simple and straightforward ( even though the prologue tries to make it seem complicated ) .
take three interest groups : 1 ) the government 2 )
the rebels 3 ) a group of assassins .
now subtract the first ( they never appear in the movie ) .
then simply let one of the assassins , the princess , become a rogue on a revenge trip .
add in a rebel love - interest with a guilty conscience .
and you 've got the ingredients .
but they still did not manage to turn it into a story or a movie .
between some random action sequences and some odd visuals trying to be sci - fi on a low budget , what you 're left with is a feeling of emptiness .
the movie just does not feel like a movie , but a weird , incoherent , boring dream .
avoid.2/10
as a wwii naval history buff , and someone who is not proud of this country 's history of race relations , i was looking forward to seeing this movie .
what a disappointing piece of schlock .
i made it about 3/4 of the way through , but i should have turned it off at the sub attack scene .
the idea that a u - boat would fire a torpedo at a dde , as if there was a hope of hitting it , and then be able to " run away " from the dde while submerged , is preposterous .
and that 's just a small detail .
the whole movie was poorly written , poorly directed , and poorly acted .
i agree with others on this board that this could have been a good movie .
it 's as if they decided that , since all those crappy wwii propaganda films were made with all - white casts , they needed to make one with black people .
and as bad as those old movies were , this is actually worse .
and it almost smacks of false advertising to headline ossie davis and stephen rea .
it turns out they had very minor roles .
i have to believe those two fine actors were embarrassed to be associated with this film .
i 'm done .
i 've given way too much of my life this crap movie .
i 'm a fan of the series and have read all 7 books .
i wanted to see this just to see how it was done .
all i can say , is that the only people who should watch this are ones who have already read the series and are curious about it .
its pretty bad , and will turn you off reading them .
not to be mean , but lucy is so ugly it detracts from the movie .
was she the directors daughter ?
seriously , i 'm sure the beavers in the movie were jealous of her teeth .
she had an overbite that would put any beaver to shame .
the movie just loses so much in translation .
cs books do n't translate as easily as the tolkein lotr books , or even harry potter .
one thing they did right !
aslan !
very well done .
although the other human actors with painted faces ( beavers , wolf ) look silly , aslan was really well done since it was not just a human actor walking around .
( i guess its like that old horse custume ?
2 people inside ? )
also , i would be curious what kids think of this movie .
maybe they would enjoy it ?
but as for adults , safe bet they wo nt , even if a cs fan .
the day has finally come for me to witness the perpetuation of azumi 's fate as an assassin , fruition of her character and the ultimate attempt to draw me deeper into the world she rampaged through so mercilessly during the first saga .
that 's as poetical as i 'll get when talking about azumi 2 :
death or love , because when i cringed over the heavy sentimentality of house of flying daggers and complained about the credibility of aya ueto portraying a blood - driven assassin , after watching azumi 2 i started to appreciate the previously mentioned shortcomings more than ever before .
not only does the determination of each assassin feels sluggish and uninspiring but also many important elements are omitted from the entire experience .
in azumi 1 we saw the assassins use various stealth tactics ( which is their number one priority ) as well as logic to make easy work of their marks with swift executions and quicker abilities to escape .
but i wo n't hold that against this movie too much since the story is slightly tweaked this time around and many more obstacles are planted in azumi 's way to prevent her from reaching the warlord and displaying any signs of charisma .
by the way , chiaki is foolishly shelved for the most part of the film and is basically playing a toned down version of go go , minus the cool weapon and sense of menace .
this brings me to the final blow which is the action , simply disguised in the title as the ' death ' side of the epic .
in the first half of the film we see the debut of many promising adversaries with flashy looks and even flashier weapons .
to no one 's surprise they meet their end one way or another but the film falls short when each of them start dying too fast and too easily .
in azumi 1 , the young assassins were mostly overpowering the opposition with quick but somewhat satisfying battles and the final showdown between azumi and bijomaru in comparison to the fights in azumi 2 was at least climaxed and worthwhile .
some interesting effects were introduced but they were unable to achieve innovation due to the shortness of each encounter .
i am in no way knocking down the conventional style of samurai films with their quick and realistic battles but characters in both azumi films were so imaginative and straight out of anime that the rules could have been broken and the action should have been further enriched .
the romance side of azumi is there to fill in time between the fight scenes and unfortunately at the end
it serves no purpose nor provides a much needed resolution .
as a fan with an open mind for wide variety of movies and animation , i wo n't lie and i 'll admit to my neutrality and unimpressiveness towards the first azumi film , but i 'll step right up and say that after watching azumi 2 , the original was made to look like a flawless masterpiece .
for what it 's worth , azumi 2 : death or love could have gone straight to video , with its invisibly richer budget and a failed potential to add or even expand on the bumpy journey of desperate assassins , doing their best to restore the peace , with an unwavering courage to die trying .
as a " jane eyre " fan i was excited when this movie came out . "
at last , " i thought , " someone will make this book into a movie following the story actually written by the author . "
wrong ! ! !
if the casting director was intending to cast a " jane " who was plain he certainly succeeded .
however , surely he could have found one who could also act .
where was the tension between jane and rochester ?
where was the spooky suspense of the novel when the laughter floated into the night seemingly from nowhere ?
where was the sparkle of the child who flirted and danced like her mother ?
finally , why was the plot changed at the end ?
one wonders whether the screenwriters had actually read the book .
what a disappointment
" a trio of treasure hunters is searching the west indies for a hidden fortune .
the lure of gold makes for a rise in tension as the men come closer to the treasure 's location .
the deep - sea divers hope to track down the gold , but find that greed and hatred leads to murder , " according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
" manfish " is the name of their boat , not a monster .
the skeleton who gives muscular captain john bromfield ( as brannigan )
his half of the treasure map is very good .
old salt victor jory ( as professor ) provides the other half of the map .
first mate lon chaney jr. ( as swede ) plays dumb , and sexy tessa prendergast ( as alita ) guards the rum ( not very well , obviously ) .
serious editing and continuity problems mar the picture , which otherwise might have amounted to something .
manfish ( 2/56 )
w. lee wilder
~ john bromfield , victor jory , lon chaney jr.
popeye and big foot
popeye 's engine company * * ; getting popeye 's goat
* * 1/2i used to lap these up as a kid
but , catching an episode of the series comprising three cartoons back - to - back now i.e. several years later ( they preceded the theatrical screening of the pirate yarn raiders of the seven seas [ 1953 ] ) , i can see how they do n't hold up all that well !
the character of popeye is n't exactly sympathetic to begin with , olive oyl distinctly overbearing and bluto 's antics failed to elicit much interest either  in short , the scripts were alarmingly thin , fairly awful and generally unfunny to boot .
they 're strictly juvenile fare , yet i doubt today 's kids would even have the patience to stick with them !
; furthermore , the animation style is unattractive .
taking each short per se , i guess they improved from one to the other : after the initial shock , one adapted to its mediocre quality as it were , so that the third cartoon easily results in being the most enjoyable of the lot
 popeye is entrusted with a mascot army goat whose immense appetite causes him no end of mischief (
hardly original , i know , but always an amusing ploy ) .
one interesting element here was that the shorts were bookended with popeye delivering moralistic bits of wisdom to the kids in the audience .
this is the kind of film that everyone involved with should be embarrassed over .
poor directing , over the top acting and a plot that rambles on with no point other than to show violence .
i thought when i first saw it that it would be perhaps a satire of the media and how it shows violence
but it 's not .
i 'm not sure what makes the film worse .
oliver stone does his worst directing ever .
from scenes where woody harrelson 's face morphs for no reason or robert downey jr 's dreadful performance as wayne gale who is a reporter who seems totally bonkers , this movie is simply a mess .
the intention the directors has for this films are quite honorable , but his history of his productions did get me aware that this might not get much to the core like other film makers would do it .
keeping his great 30 days tv series in mind but also counting in his mtv production
" i bet you will " that opposes his seriousness in any of the matters he documents and also counting in his rather disappointing production " supersize me "
i did not had my hopes up high .
sadly enough this movie disappointed me none the less .
as with " supersize me " after a while i did ask myself what exactly the point of all this was .
the main statement gets clear enough after half an hour but the rest of the playtime gets filled with rather pointless stuff and re - repeating stuff that were already shown in this way
or another earlier in the movie
, so it wears out and gets extremely boring towards the end .
... from this awful movie !
there are so many things wrong with this film , acting , writing , direction , editing , etc .
that it 's amazing that something rises to the top and proves itself to be the absolute worst .
the music !
i noted that the film has two composers listed .
this must be the reason why every single frame has music , of the absolute worst " d " movie style drivel .
they have never heard of the expression " less is more " .
it got so painful to listen to , i muted the sound every time there was no dialogue , not that the dialogue was that good .
you have to feel sorry for robert wagner and tom bosley , i 'm sure they did n't see roles like this in the twilight of their careers .
see it at your own risk .
i am an avid fan of violent exploitation cinema , who would never attack a film for being violent or disturbing .
i consider " cannibal holocaust " a masterpiece and will always defend controversial films like " day of the woman " or " last house on the left " as genuine classics .
anyone who browses through my other user comments will notice that i am actually very pro - violence / gore when it comes to films .
however , i do think that there should be at least some point to the violence .
this piece of crap does n't have any point whatsoever .
the first film in the notorious " guinea pig " series , " the devil 's experiment " ( 1985 ) is widely controversial , but , as opposed to many other controversial films , this stinker has nothing at all to be recommended for .
i must say that , before seeing any of the guniea - pig films , i already had a feeling that i would hate this one , knowing what it was about .
due to its status as one of the most controversial films around , however , i decided i had to see it .
i am very glad i did n't waste any money on this pile of crap , and i sure wish i had n't wasted my time with it either .
this thing 's story
( i do n't even want to call it a ' film ' )
: it does n't have one .
three scumbags torture a woman to death for some excruciating 40 minutes .
that 's it .
there is no artistic value , no ' shocking ' story , no suspense ; nothing .
simply the disbelief that a film that shows nothing except for a woman being tortured for no reason enjoys an enormous cult - following .
it is disturbing , i give it that .
of course it is disturbing to watch a torture video for 40 minutes .
what is more disturbing , however , is the fact that many people actually seem to regard this pile of garbage as some kind of masterpiece .
i really can not figure why .
the fact that the gore effects look realistic can not be the reason , i hope .
the girl who plays the victim is n't a very good actor , and reacts very calm to all the torture .
that makes the film look less realistic , which is , in this single case , a good thing .
this is a film that is sickening ; not for its gore , but for its redundancy , its existence for the sole purpose of showing 40 minutes of torture .
i strongly oppose any form of censorship .
since this is 100 % fake and nobody got hurt during its production , it is legitimate to make such a film .
however , i can not think of a single reason why anyone would like this , other than the morbid desire to watch suffering and the enjoyment of torture .
this film 's sequel " flowers of flesh and blood " gained notoriety when actor charlie sheen mistook it for an actual snuff film and informed the fbi .
fortuneately , the film turned out to be fake .
overall , " the devil 's experiment " is a fake torture / snuff film that seems to have the sole purpose of looking as close to a real snuff film as possible .
devil 's experiment " is one of the worst films i have ever had the misfortune of sitting through .
do n't torture yourself by giving this piece of crap a try for its controversial status .
do yourself a favor and avoid it .
zero stars out of 10 , i wish there was a negative scale in order to appropriately rate this pile of crap .
i was about 7 when this dire monstrosity of a film was released .
in the uk it was advertised on the tv in the summer of 1977 for weeks , as if it were some incredible blockbuster film .
it was actually the first film i ever saw at a cinema , and i was put off going for years to come .
the following week i was invited to go and see the new film " star wars " and i declined .
to this day i have never seen it , in protest at having to watch sasquatch !
seriously , even at the age of 7 i could tell that i was watching garbage .
it 's just so bad , it 's almost unbelievable .
rambling nonsense that should never have made it to a cinema .
i was however amused to read all these years later that the director never directed again , just as well as far as i 'm concerned .
avoid at all costs ! ! !
let 's hope this is the final nightmare .
this is the epitome of a good thing gone bad .
okay , there is still some enjoyment to be had , but only in the most mundane sense .
rachel talalay had been there for the duration of this franchise , had been on the production staff and produced even .
i do n't know what she was thinking , but this debacle comes complete with the human video game boy and a guest appearance bytom and roseanne arnold !
i wish i had a clue what she was thinking when she wrote / directed this disappointing piece of garbage .
she even tried to distract her audience from the fact that this movie was nothing more than an over - glorified popcorn movie instead of bearing any resemblance to horror , with the contrived use of a 3d ending .
are n't those glasses nifty ?
and you get to keep them !
it 's the equivalent of , you just spent $ 9.00 making me rich .
here 's 10 cents .
now , do n't you feel special ! ?
sorry , but for me , it just did not make me feel special .
and freddy 's had yet another face - lift .
this one was for the worst , i think .
all the beautiful artistry that went into his " look " in the earlier films has been replaced by an obviously cheaper , less detailed set of prosthetics .
he looks ...
less like the burn victim he is supposed to be , and more like he has a skin disorder .
changing the lead 's makeup like that so far into a series is about on the same level as changing the lead actor .
but wait !
they 've done that , and done that .
so i guess it does n't matter .
but it mattered to me .
freddy is no longer scary .
he 's just ... another low - rent monster like the leprechaun .
it 's more ... a dark comedy than the horror classic this series promises ; riddled with what you can only hope the writers thought were witty one - liners and clever repartee ( sadly , it fell short on both accounts ) .
so there 's nothing more to say than grab the popcorn and get ready to laugh , because there was not one scary or suspenseful moment in this entire film .
it rates a 3.2/10 from ... the fiend : .
whenever a columbo story deviates from the familiar plot ( colorful killer commits crime , columbo smokes out killer , columbo becomes a pest in the process ) , the writers somehow are never able to match the quality and interest of most traditional episodes .
this episode deviates in the extreme , and the result is a major flop .
would you believe : columbo never faces the villain till the very end?!!frankly , i was tempted to turn it off about two - thirds through .
oh , the sacrifices we self - appointed reviewers make ! ! !
boring , predictable , by - the - numbers horror outing at least has pretty good special effects and plenty of ( mindless ) mayhem and gore to satisfy ( mindless ) genre fans .
mostly it 's about giant rats chomping on a set of characters we do n't care an iota about - if that 's your thing , tune in .
( * 1/2 )
burt kennedy used to be a very good director , but you 'd never know it by this lumbering mess .
not only does this film look cheap , it is cheap -- most of the battle scenes are lifted from the far superior " the last command " from 1955 , and that footage , shot 32 years previously , looks more contemporary than anything in this picture .
the few action scenes that were actually shot for this movie are disorganized , confused and incompetent , looking just as shoddy as the rest of the picture .
this has the look and feel of a bad student film ( and the budget did n't seem to be a whole lot more ) .
it moves like molasses , the acting for the most part is either over - the - top ham or under - the - top comatose -- although raul julia comes off better than most of the rest of the cast -- and it 's chock full of annoying historical inaccuracies .
on top of that , it 's way too long .
if you 're going to make a boring film , do it in an hour or so and get it over with -- don't stretch it out over three hours , like this one does .
if you want to see a good movie about the alamo , check out john wayne 's 1960 version , or even the 1955 film from which this movie stole its action scenes .
hard to believe it took six producers to make a movie this lousy .
skip it .
this programme bugs me !
there is no humour to it and is far too serious to be called " fun " !
it 's just far too educational for my liking !
the characters are very stereotyped and unappealing .
the plots are redundant and the morals are just repeated over and over again .
where 's the fun in it ?
also i feel this has been on the bbc for far too long and is broadcast way too much .
does it really need to have a slot on t.v every 2 or 3 months when a brand new show runs out of episodes ?
i think it 's time that the bbc starting bringing back some of their older shows like : inspector gadget , bananaman , the smurfs , snorks , moomins , the raccoons and count duckula other than continually giving contracts to these newer shows !
i thought the bbc where bring back danger mouse , so what 's going on with that ? !
the question , when one sees a movie this bad , is not necessarily , " how did a movie this bad get made ? " or even , " why did i see this awful in the first place ? "
but , " what have i learned from this experience ?
here 's what i learned:- just because the " rules " of horror movies have been catalogued and satirized countless times in the last ten years does n't mean someone wo n't go ahead and make a movie that uses all of them , without a shred of humor or irony.-
if your movie has to be described as
loosely
based on the video game , you have script problems.-
the black character may not always die first , but the asian character does always know kung - fu.- while you may be proud that you figured out how to do the " the matrix effect " on a budget
, that does n't necessarily mean you should use it over and over again ad nausea.-
being ron howard 's brother does not guarantee choice roles.-
whenever a scene does n't edit together , just use some footage from the video game , no one will notice.-
if your cousin 's rap - metal band offers to write your movie 's theme for free , politely decline.- zombie movies are not about people killing zombies .
they 're about zombies killing people , preferably in the most gruesome way possible .
that 's what makes them scary.-
white people who can pay $ 1600 to get to a rave deserve to die.-
if you find an old book , it will tell you everything you need to know .
anything else you will figure out on your own two lines after someone asks , " what was that ? "
or , " where are we?"-
bare breasts are not horror movie panacea.-
a helicopter boom shot and a licensing deal with sega magically transforms your movie from " student film " to " major studio release " .
try it!- just because you can name - drop all three " living dead " movies , that does not make you george romero .
or even paul w. s. anderson .
i've seen worse movies , but only because i 've seen " mortal kombat : annihilation . "
the movie 's storyline is pat and quaint .
two women travel through the middle east and discover themselves .
unfortunately , if you are looking for a movie about the middle east and central asia
this is absolutely terrible .
the producers of the film either did no research or were unbelievably lazy when filming it .
to begin with , and most glaringly incorrect , the nuristanis , as they were known in the thirties , and indeed since the 1890s and their forceful conversion by abdul - rahman shah of aghnaistan , were not nomads .
in fact they have not been nomads since the aryan invasions of central asia over three milenia ago .
second , the city that is filmed as tehran is not tehran , which is understandable , however the geography of the area around the city could not be more strikingly different than the city of tehran , which is surrounded on all side by a large mountain range , which predominates all of the cities views .
third , persian , despite the fact it is spoken in iran and afghanistan , is never heard in movie .
when there are native speakers who do not speak in german they speak in arabic .
the ' persian ' guards at the border , in fact , say to each other ' ma hadha rujal ' ( this is not a man ) and not ' in mard nist ' as it would be in persian .
also , the love song between the indian princess and one of the main characters is obviously in spanish .
while talking in the garden one of the main characters says that the quran uses the words ' ferdos ' and ' jehaan ' and makes some reference to drugs afterwords .
these words certainly never appear in the quran as they are persian for paradise ( indeed , ferdos and paradise are very distant cognates between our languages ) and ' world ' respectively , though jehaan is admittedly close to ' jehennan ' which is hell in arabic .
when they encounter the nomads in the desert the language spoken is also arabic , this despite the fact that there are no native speakers of arabic in iran and afghanistan and its use is primarily religious , with some use in education at that time .
when they are stopped in iran before they reach the afghan border the people they encounter are wholly unlike any iranian group .
their tents are typically bedouin with carpets decorating the walls and a high profile .
in iran it is also extremely uncommon for people to wear turbans unless they are a cleric .
the language spoken is clearly arabic from the initial greeting of ' ahlan wa sahlan . '
when they do reach kabul the desert they find themselves in is sandy , totally unlike the rock dirt that is found in the arid parts of the hindu kush mountain range .
there is an absence of the light green scrub that covers the ground in the summer and spring .
the area is also not wholly consumed by the extreme mountains of the mountain range that won its name , the indian killers , because of its difficult and limiting ground .
in short , the story line is the only thing in this movie that holds any water and it is still weak and common place .
it lacks any real draw to it , being merely the tale of two women trying to learning about themselves as they get to nuristan , however , even that is still - born and no real development is felt , leaving the characters in the end just where they were in the beginning and nothing has changed except that world war two has broken loose .
in short , this is a really bad movie that i would have rated at one star except for the good footage of bedouin and the deserts of the levant , even if they are misnamed .
amateur , no budget films can be surprisingly good ...
this however is not one of them .
ah , another brad sykes atrocity .
the acting is hideous , except for emmy smith who shows some promise .
the camera " direction " needs serious reworking .
and no more " hold the camera and run " gimmicks either ; it just does n't work .
the special effects are unimaginative , there 's a problem when the effect can be identified in real time .
if you 're going to rip off an ear , please do n't let us see the actor 's real ear beneath the blood .
the scenery is bland and boring ( same as mr. sykes other ventures ) , and the music is a cross between cheap motel porn and really bad guitar driven metal ( see the scenery comment).did
i mention the lack of any real plot , or character development ?
apparently , the scriptwriter didn't .
whoever is funding this guy ... please stop .
i 've seen some of his other " home movies " ( which i will not plug ) and they are just as bad .
normally , a " director " will grow and learn from his previous efforts ... not this guy .
it 's one thing to be an amateur filmmaker , but anyone can be a hack .
definitely not even a popcorn film ...
of course , chewing on popcorn kernels would be less painful than this effort .
award :
the worst ever military push - ups in a film .
oh dear .
this movie could have been sub - titled " when writers go on strike !
what a stinker .
i had really high hopes for this , mostly after reading imdb reviews , which makes me wonder about the whole imdb rating system , but that 's a separate matter .
i loved steve carrell in anchorman , bruce almighty , the office , etc
so i was expecting great things .
to say i was disappointed is the understatement of the year .
there are so many things wrong with this movie , but i 'll confine myself to ( a )
the implausibility of any family behaving like these people do ( a mass aerobics workout ?
what planet is that real life on ? ) , the clunky script ( a murderer of love ?
please ) , and the fact that the character of dan is so unlikable , you find yourself wondering what the girl saw in him to make her fall in love with him ?
this movie was filled to bursting with clunky dialogue , creaking direction , ridiculous set - scenes and it was slow , slow , slow .
we would have walked out after half an hour if we 'd not been with my parents , who do n't get out much and do n't like to waste money .
unlike the makers of this movie , who would have been better off throwing all the cash spent making this movie into a bonfire - that would have been more entertaining .
if you like movies , avoid this like the plague .
this contains spoilers.i have rarely seen a film that is as unbelievable as this one is .
and being french , it tries for depth by being enigmatic   nothing really makes any sense .
léo is gay and has just announced at breakfast to his family that he is hiv positive .
the youngest brother , marcel , has not yet come down to breakfast , and the first thing the family does is decide that at 12 years of age he is too young to be told .
maybe if he was four or five , but twelve ?
the first totally unbelievable thing is that the family does n't even ask where or how he got the virus , how long he has known about it   nothing is asked .
they only worry about marcel finding out .
this is a very close knit provincial family , but although they decide not to let marcel know about léo 's hiv positive status nor the fact of his being gay , the rest of the family accepts all this news with absolutely no questions or reactions .
how many families do you know where the parents / brothers would n't have at least some reaction to one of the members announcing that he is gay ?
here , nothing .
léo decides that he needs to go to paris to see his ex - lover .
and he decides to go on the trip with , of all people , marcel .
do you know anyone who would bring his little brother along to go see a lover ?
again , totally unbelievable , especially since marcel is not supposed to know either of his medical problems nor of his homosexuality .
if this is the way the family has decided to let him find out , it is rather brutal and again unbelievable .
léo goes to find his lover , aymeric , at his work in a paris bar .
the owner says that aymeric will not be there until the early evening .
but why would léo want to see him at work ?
why not phone and arrange to see him in some place more private where they can really talk ?
why not go and see him at his home ?
but no , léo shows up later in the day ( with marcel in tow ) and is surprised when aymeric does n't just drop everything to go walk with him for 5 minutes .
aymeric tells him that he is no longer available , that it was léo who left him , and that léo had n't replied to any of his letters .
léo says " but i love you " and then wanders off .
but if he really loved aymeric , would n't he have at least told him about his hiv status , to warn him to get tested and maybe get medication ?
this would be the least he could do 
but not a peep .
he leaves and does n't even warn aymeric that he might have contracted the aids virus .
this is totally irresponsible of him  and of the film - makers ; this film was apparently made for a french tv series for young people 
it is the perfect way to show kids how to be responsible .
well , not here   i guess " every man for himself " is still the french way of doing things   another aspect of the film which was totally unbelievable
was the " touchy - feely " aspect .
everyone is always leaning against someone , caressing someone or kissing someone .
inside the family and outside the family .
i have never seen anyone in france be
this physical , never mind an entire family .
seated at the breakfast table , one 17 year old brother has his leg perched on the lap of his elder brother , and the elder brother is caressing his leg as everyone sits around discussing something .
how many brothers do you know who are that physically close ?
in another scene , the same 17 year old comes into marcel 's room asking " what 's the matter , ca n't you sleep ? " , then takes off his clothes and , completely naked , gets into bed with his brother and snuggles up to him as if they were lovers .
this and another similar scene between léo and marcel gave a somewhat incestuous feel to the film .
sorry , again i do n't believe that this is regular behaviour between teenage brothers .
the only good thing i can say about the film is that the actors are all quite fine   especially marcel in the main role .
but it was n't really enough  
hiv and aids are far too serious to be presented in such a vague and irresponsible light .
at the end of the film , the family has gone to the cemetery to bury léo , but once again , marcel has been left out of it
he has been left in the care of a cousin ( i think ) .
nevertheless he sneaks out and watches the funeral from afar .
is this what such a close - knit family would have done ?
it is totally inconceivable that they would not have included him in his brother 's funeral .
it was the last scene of the film , and it was the last straw for this viewer .
you know that feeling of hilarity you get when you watch a film that 's trying so hard to be a serious , thought provoking piece of cinema and fails miserably ?
when you ca n't help but bust out laughing at the sheer terrible nature of the trash littering your screen ? "
house of the dead " struggles to achieve even this low graded level of cinema .
from start to end " house of the dead " manages to recreate the feeling like you 've just woken up to find out that the cat has laid it 's curled business neatly on your forehead while you slept .
it is clear from the start that the female actors have been cast for their cleavage size ( which they exploit shamelessly )
whereas the males for their hardcore " kick - ass " attitude .
i honestly did not care any of the characters for any moment of the film and found myself actually wishing their demise so as to spare me a good hour of this torture .
uwe boll should have considered screening two hours of footage from the actual game as a movie .
at least then we 'll get better acting  
however not all blame can be placed on the actors as it is certainly a challenge to produce a convincing film when faced with the script of this film .
it is arguably the worst section of the film and actually contains such lines as : " these are zombies , pure and simple " and " no cap'n , we must not go there !
it 's evil!" .
we all know that zombie movies are never going to be particularly thought provoking or full of meaning ; at best they are a harmless two hours of action , blood and closet terror .
trash , yes , but entertaining trash .
not the kind of trash which bursts out of your bin bag as you haul it across the room and smothers your shoes in sour milk cartons and decaying banana skins .
according to imdb , " house of the dead " received such bad reviews that no danish cinemas bought the movie .
if only we could have had the same privilege .
final score : 1/10 .
this movie proves that good acting comes from good direction and this does not happen in ask the dust .
colin farrell is usually a fine actor but in this he is juvenile .
donald sutherland comes across as an amateur .
because the script is awful , the adaptation is awful and the actors seem bored and half hearted .
the atmosphere of the movie is bad - i could only think when it would finish
and i turned it off half way .
the director has done a very poor job and even though i have not read the novel it is certainly a missed chance .
the atmosphere this film is trying to evoke and the message and storyline never reaches the audience .
in one word , it is a terrible film .
because you can put it on fast forward and watch the inane story , without having to listen to banal dialogue , and be finished in 10 minutes max .
come to think of it , even 10 minutes is too much to waste on enid - blyton - meets - struggling - wanna - be - artists .
vomit .
if movies like ghoulies rip off gremlins , then hobgoblins sinks to the new low of ripping off garbage like ghoulies .
these barely - animated furbies have some kind of scheme to fulfill fantasies ( which involve basically groteque characters ' sex dreams - oh joy ) , but what that has to do with anything is anybody 's guess , except to let the director indulge his kinky penchant for erotica .
they show this down in the 8th circle of hell , one suspects .
there 's no real plot - just " goblins - kill ! " and feeble attempts at humor and a mild attempt to arouse the viewing audience .
yes , chunky , this is the nick - name that donna reeds ' romantic lead played by tom drake tags her with !
so lets get this clear right away .
from her first ingénue role in the get - away ( 1941 ) too her last , dallas ( 1984 - 1985 )
ms. reed could never be described as chunky .
not this attractive and slim actress .
whose roles at m.g.m. seldom lived up to her talents .
reed is supported by a cast of competent character actors , who unfortunately must flounder through this alleged ' screw - ball ' comedy .
clearly m.g.m. was out of their depth making this type of film .
a type better produced over at columbia , paramount , rko and even universal .
neither the ' touch ' of ernst lubitsch nor the wit of preston sturges could save this film .
a rather conventional romantic comedy that had all the markings of a pre - war ( wwii ) effort .
if irving thalberg had still been alive the screen - play would have either gone through a significant rewrite or never seen the light of day .
it did fit into louis b. mayer 's ' safe - zone ' of none challenging family entertainment .
a form that could not stand up to the post - war challenges of the ' dehavilland decision ' , loss of their theater chains , television and would contribute to m.g.m.s decline .
fortunetly for donna reed her best days are ahead of her culminating in from here to eternity ( 1953 ) and her oscar win as best supporting actress .
this film has it all ; the deft camera work , reminiscent of martin scorcese , or oliver stone , the tight acting of ' heat ' , the explosive action of a jerry bruckheimer movie , the witty dialogue of a tarantino script and the epic feel of say , ' the godfather'the judge reinhold character displays a fiery temperememt , yet also shows real emotional depth and intensity .
his performance reminds me of robert de niro 's portrayal of jake la motta in raging bull.the action scenes are truly breathtaking , not since bullit has a movie depicted such high octane , yet stylish car scenes .
the special effects push the boundries of technology and filmmaking to their limits .
independance day set the standard that this movie clearly has matched , and greatly surpassed.overall , great acting from its a list cast ( like an oscars night party invitation list ! ) , classy locations , gripping action , and a tight script .
holy crap this movie was bad .
i watched it just as a joke .
it is n't even so bad that it 's good in an unintentional way .
this film seemed to be designed to personally make me angry .
it worked really well at doing that .
it 's as if the people who made this just took all of the really annoying stuff about the movie priest , added in a bunch of ugly dudes , took out anything interesting , funny , or even remotely sexy and clever out of the concoction , and then added in a bunch of old rotten cheese .
that 's all this is .
cheese .
there is n't a single person this film could possibly connect to .
there is n't any universe this film could possibly take place in .
why ca n't a film like this just be about enjoying life and being happy ?
why did they have to make this already stupid idea for a film even more ridiculous than it already is ?
why could n't they at least even tried to make it an okay film , or even a b - movie .
now that i think of it , what they hell were they trying to do with this film ?
i watched it expecting a campy love story and instead i got some boring student project about some idiot who has to find the strength and courage to marry his boyfriend while his annoying christian brother tried to destroy it all ! ! !
no , i 'm not joking .
that 's what it 's about .
does that sound good ?
this film is pretty ignorant against people of the christan religion , with it 's stereotyping of all christians being loudmouthed , rude , and hellbent on making as many people as miserable as possible .
a lot of christian people i know would never speak or act like these freaks .
the film , however , is just as unfair and ignorant to the gay community as well .
these have got to be the most tastelessly crafted stereotypical gay men since the guy on the radio station on that roadkill video game .
it 's so nerve wracking and simply irritating to the point that i was n't able to fully pay attention to this film .
the makers of this train - wreck had no strategy for set design , acting , camera angles , lighting , script , authenticity , or an idea to make this entertaining or interesting .
there is n't even a single sex scene , or at least not a believable one .
jamie brett gabel was the only guy in the film that looked any good at all , but his good looks were sadly put to waste .
this is trash .
in a perfect world , this film would get voted a 0.0 .
it 's worth 0 as a film alone .
a mentally handicapped nun who is blind , deaf , and has tiny little bones for arms and legs and
whose face is located on her armpit could write , direct , and produce a better film , and she 'd probably be a better actor as well .
the fact that this film exists is a crime against the word " film " itself .
this film is so bad that other films should be ashamed of being available in the same watchable format .
i could put a broom in a chair and then record it with a camera and then stop the film and then replace it with a mini x - mas tree and then record that
and i 've already made a film that will always be better than ben & arthur by at least half .
there are only two things worse than death .
torture and watching ben & arthur .
i 'm a homosexual
and i will probably be the gayest person you will ever meet if you ever met me , and i do n't think i 've ever been more offended by an entire film than i was by the first five seconds of this film alone .
if this movie was a mistake , i will personally find a way to change the famous phrase
" it 's okay to make mistakes " to
" it 's okay to make mistakes unless that mistake was ben & arthur .
" you know how people always say things like , " good things come out of everything ! " ?
i think that ben & arthur was primarily invented so that there could be something on this earth that nothing good would ever come out of .
to call this movie the worst movie i 've ever seen would be giving it way too much credit .
it 's as if this film were designed just so that it could qualify in a category of it
's very own .
there are good movies , there are bad movies , and then there 's ben & arthur .
this is ben and arthur .
as has been noted , this formula has been filmed several times , most recently as " you 've got mail " , with tom hanks and meg"trout pout
" ryan .
of the several versions , this is my least favorite .
the problem i think is that the studio coasted on the stars charisma , which does n't quite cut it here .
the chemistry betwixt
the two leads never comes to a boil in this movie .
there are no real sparks .
van johnson and judy garland remind me of day old donuts , pleasant but bland .
and when the leads are boring the rest of the movie can only follow .
judy in particular is disappointing .
she looks like she has no neck !
i do n't know if she was having trouble with pain or something
but she looks like a turtle trying to pull
it 's head into it 's shell , all hunched up and everything .
i could n't figure out what van johnson was getting so hot about .
i would have made a bee line for that cute violin player .
and van was n't great either .
i 've always thought of him as a rather generic hollywood leading man and he does n't do anything to dispel that image here .
if you 're a fan of the stars or the early 1900 's then you might like this movie .
but there are a lot more entertaining romantic comedies out there , and they offer you much more than a mouthful of stale confection .
creepshow 2 had a lot of potential , they just did n't put enough time in perfecting it .
the stories were pretty cool and creepy enough , but it was lacking .
it 's a good movie , but after you 've seen it once , you might want to see it again .
this movie could of been better .
alright , i got passed the horrible acting .
i got passed the fact that lil kim was blasting some cannons and her arms or hands were n't moving , i got passed the weaves , i got passed the colored contacts .
this is what killed it for me :
in the scene where the four roses were sitting at the table arguing .
lisa - raye and monica calhoun stand up and , and then lil kim gets up to break up any hostilities by saying , " whoa , whoa , whoa , hold up .
let 's chill out here for a hot second .
" i am a fan of the western movie genre , and i never heard anyone talk slang like this in any of clint eastwood 's movies .
if anyone thinks this movie deserves over a 1 rating , please tell me another movie that 's worse than gang of roses .
i'm through .
the film must have been shot in a day , there are scenes where you can see the camera reflections and its red pointer , even the scenery 's green light that blends with the actors!!!the plot and
the lines are really awful without even the slightest inspiration(at least as a thriller genre movie).everything that got to do with poe in the movie , has a shallow and childish approach .
the film is full of clise and no thrilling .
if you want to watch a funny b - movie for a relaxing evening with friends then go for it
you will enjoy it ( as i did )
but there 's no way to take this film seriously !
i was very displeased with this move .
everything was terrible from the start .
the comedy was unhumorous , the action overdone , the songs unmelodious .
even the storyline was weightless .
from a writer who has written successful scripts like guru and dhoom , i had high expectations .
the actors worked way too hard and did not help the film at all .
of course , kareena rocked the screen in a bikini but for two seconds .
i think hindi stunt directors should research how action movies are done .
they tend to exaggerate way too much .
in chinese films , this style works because that is their signature piece .
but , hindi cinema 's signature are the songs .
a good action movie should last no more than two hours and can not look unrealistic .
but , in the future , i 'm sure these action movies will get much sharper .
also to be noted :
comedy and action films do not mix unless done properly .
good luck next time .
" it had to be you " is another sign that hollywood is running out of ideas .
this picture is about charlie hudson a former police officer turned author .
when charlie 's fiancé goes out of town he 's stuck with all of the wedding planning .
he spends a week at a fancy hotel and meets anna penn a teacher who just happens to also be getting married .
the two quickly become friends and set out to plan their separate weddings together .
this is when the plot gets boring , charlie falls in love with anna and she has to choose between a safe life or charlie .
this movie rips off every romantic comedy ever made and just has you waiting for the end of the movie so you can do something else .
micahel vartan and natasha henstridge give really mediocre performances which just makes this movie all the more gut wrenching to watch .
the only reason i even watched this was because i found it at my local library ( and will berate them mercilessly for having wasted public monies on it ) , and despite the plethora of tits and ass , it did n't take long to realize that the fast - forward button was my friend .
terrible direction , pedestrian camera work , sporadically bad - to - nearly - passable acting , chintzy effects , and one of the worst screenplays
i 've had the displeasure of seeing brought to life ( such as it was , horribly crippled and mutilated ) in a long , long time .
best laughs actually come from the " making of ... " featurette , in which the poor saps involved with this hdv mess attempt to justify their lame efforts as if they had been working on something special , instead of something that wo n't be utterly forgotten next week .
wait !
except for the fact that somehow someone lured tippi " the birds " hedren , of all people , into doing a bit part , along with kane " friday the 13th " hodder !
how this came to pass , i 'll never know , and to be honest , i do n't really care .
watch at your own risk , and do n't say you have n't been warned .
this is film - making at its pretentious , craven worst .
it only gets a 2 from me for having some good - looking naked women , and even then , just barely .
i think this would have been a much better film if the cajuns had been portrayed in a more believable light .
my family is from the southeast region of louisiana and i live in southeast texas ( about 20 miles from lake charles ) .
i have never heard the people i grew up around talk like these folks did .
the cajuns were portrayed as backwards rednecks .
most of the cajuns
i know are well educated , proud people and do n't sound uneducated at all when they talk the way these people did .
all in all it was an ok movie , with great scenery and music .
i understand that the writers were from lake charles , and have knowledge of the area , but for the love of all things cajun , please have the actors study the language , live amongst the people you are portraying and get an all around understanding of how they are before you go trying to act like them .
in my opinion , when the actors make you believe they are that person , it 's a much more enjoyable movie !
the world may have ended .
unfortunately this film survived as yet another testament to canada 's inability to make movies that go beyond the execrable .
maybe it 's because all our really good people ( norman jewison , martin short et al ) go to hollywood . )
in fact it 's too bad short was n't cast in this apallingly pretentious and banal film .
he might have given it some credibility .
the canadian government should realize --- and this movie is a magnificent example --- that shovelling money into the trough does not result in good cinema .
if the people lapping up these public funds had had to compete , they might have been forced to come up with something worthwhile .
as it is they have produced yet another snickering embarassment .
as a former submariner , this was one of the worst submarine movies i have ever seen .
first of all , a mutiny aboard any us naval vessel , particularly a nuclear powered trident submarine in unthinkable .
these men are the best of the best and are dedicated to their mission .
the responsibility they carry is awesome and they take it very seriously all the way from the captain to the most junior crew member .
i could never see a crew of any ship split their alliance between the captain and the executive officer .
an executive officer who acted as the character played by denzel washington did would be relieved of his duties and
court martialed , then drummed from the navy .
it is no surprise the navy refused to send a technical adviser to help in making this film .
lastly , if any member of a submarine crew made the amount of noise made underway on this vessel they would be severely reprimanded .
submariners learn early in their career to be as quiet as possible to avoid detection .
they do n't slam doors and even speak quietly and wear soft soled shoes when underway .
i was amazed at how loud they portrayed the crew while underway .
loud music would never be tolerated .
i know portraying submarine life in reality would not sell movie tickets , but this is over the top to the point of being ridiculous .
i would not recommend this movie to anyone .
saps at sea aspect ratio :
1.37:1sound format : mono(black and white)suffering from ' hornophobia ' ,
ollie embarks on a ' restful ' boat trip , but he and stan get mixed up with an escaped convict ( rychard cramer ) .
chaos ensues .
this feature length comedy - an ok entry which nonetheless unspools like a mere imitation of laurel and hardy 's best work - marked the final collaboration between l&h and producer hal roach .
episodic in structure , the movie culminates in a memorable ocean voyage after the boys are taken hostage by villainous cramer ( who shoots a seagull to prove how tough he is ! ) .
the gags are ok , but inspiration is lacking , perhaps due to the recruitment of actor - turned - director gordon douglas , previously responsible for ollie 's first solo effort in the sound era ( zenobia , produced in 1939 ) , but whose work here lacks a measure of pzazz .
fair , but nothing special .
l&h regulars charlie hall and james finlayson
make guest appearances .
" algie , the miner " is one bad and unfunny silent comedy .
the timing of the slapstick is completely off .
this is the kind of humor with certain sequences that make you wonder if they 're supposed to be funny or not .
however , the actual quality of the film is irrelevant .
this is mandatory viewing for film buffs mainly because its one of the earliest examples of gay cinema .
the main character of algie is an effeminate guy , acting much like the stereotypical " pansy " common in many early films .
the film has the homophobic attitude common of the time .
algie , the miner " is pretty awful , but fascinating from a historical viewpoint .
( 3/10 )
" welcome to collinwood " is kind of a disaster .
considering the people involved , it should 've been multiple times better .
watching it , if you 're at least somewhat attached to the faith that it 'll get better , will probably make you cry .
it 's one of those movies that had potential , but was robbed of this potential thanks to a terrible script and some bad acting , not to mention the strangely annoying and unnecessary george clooney character and the guy who reminds me of richard dreyfuss but about whom i care so little that i do n't even want to know his name .
the film 's only saving grace is the weird con vocabulary it introduces .
i found myself thinking of it time and time again as i watched more crime capers .
this is the only reason i gave the film a 3 .
the plot is boring , the characters are neurotic , needlessly offensive , and highly unlikable .
they are in a constant state of agonizing stress and they 're all so irritating that i celebrated their obstacles .
they yell at each other and swear crassly .
the dialogue is insipid at best and insultingly stupid at its low points .
i find that steven " traffic " soderbergherabracadabrablahblah and george clooney are to blame for this .
they should be tried for war crimes , if anyone actually remembers this crap long enough to care .
at first , three words : read the book !
really guys - this demonstrates the difficulties of genuine rendition of esoteric matters .
i loved the book and was utterly disappointed of the film .
it was ludicrous , with half a heart and the story bad explained .
the novel - in the first place ! - was n't meant to focus on an adventure !
that 's only the surroundings .
in the film , the focus reverses to just that and the message has taken a back seat !
additional , the visual effects to show the energy of all living things and the elucidation of the events at the end were parsimonious !
they screwed it up !
i 'll never watch it again !
this is probably the worst movie i have ever seen , ( yes it 's even worse than dungeons and dragons and any film starring kevin costner.)chris rock looked very uncomfortable throughout this whole film , and his supporting actors did n't even look like they were trying to act .
chris rock is a wonderful stand - up comedian , but he just ca n't transfer his talent to this film , which probably only has two strained laughs in the whole picture .
if you have n't watched this film yet , avoid it like the plague .
go do something constructive and more interesting like watching the weather channel or watching paint dry on a brick wall .
for chris ' efforts i give it a 2/10 !
i think the tv show is kind of cute
and it always has some kind of lesson involved .
so , when my kids decided they wanted to see this movie , i decided to tag along .
i wish i 'd stayed home and watched the tv show instead .
the fact that the humor is silly and unoriginal is the least of the problems with this movie .
the plot is next to non - existant , the characters seem to exist in a vacuum , and , worst of all , gadget does not carry any lesson whatsoever .
it appears that disney took all of the things that make inspector gadget work on tv and tossed them all .
to be fair , my younger child ( 8 years old ) liked the movie but the older one ( 10 years old ) came away thinking it silly
( he was too old for the youth humor but too young for any of the adult humor).generally
, i like disney films but this one misses by a mile .
it is ok for a very narrow age band ( say 7 to 9 )
but a must miss for everybody else .
somewhere , buried very deep inside this film is a half - way decent movie trying to get out .
the only traces are a few early scenes in los angeles ( in a bar and a graveyard ) and thereafter a couple of pieces of production design .
like i say , buried very deep .
one of the biggest challenges faced by movies involving the supernatural is how to have characters react believably in unbelievable situations .
annie mcenroe 's reaction to being told that her sister ( presumably dee wallace from the first movie ) is ( was ? )
a werewolf is , if i recall , along the lines of ; "
oh ! really ? " .
not one of the better responses to said challenge .
the non sequitirs continue as the story moves to trannsylvania in search of stirba the ( apparently self - appointed )
" queen of the werewolves " .
as stirba , sybil danning is the two best things in the movie .
yes , even better than the werewolf group - sex scene , reb brown 's acting , and the oddly simian - looking werewolf suits .
the end credits have assumed minor legend status and are available in all their glory ( at least until the censor finds them ) on youtube .
check them out to see why and remember , the whole film makes about the same amount of sense .
if you happen to catch this on us television the credits have been re - edited to replace the endlessly repeated shot of danning ripping off her top with another endlessly repeated shot of her ripping open a cloak only this time she has some kind of top on underneath .
it 's a sort of absurdity , cherry - on - top moment which defies satire .
my wife and i rented this movie because some people had drawn parallels between it and " office space " .
blockbuster and imdb even had it as an " also recommended " selection if you liked " office space" .
now , i 've seen office space probably 15 or 20 times .
i love it .
it 's probably one of my 10 favorite movies .
witty , humorous , and featuring characters that remind me of people i 've worked with over the years . "
haiku tunnel " is similar to " office space " in that they are both films .
that 's where the similarity ends .
we sat through probably the first 50 minutes of ht , giving it the benefit of the doubt , hoping , nay , *
praying *
that it would get better .
it did n't .
we could n't take it any more , and stopped the tape .
thank god it was a free rental .
i 'd have been p***ed if we 'd actually paid for it .
we should be reimbursed for having to sit through it .
now , since we did n't see the end , perhaps it miraculously comes together and redeems itself .
i doubt it .
haiku tunnel is so bad it 's hard to believe it ever got produced .
the movie is so unfunny
it 's painful .
just mail the friggin letters already ! ! !
the premise is asinine .
the jokes are awful .
we got as far as the " printer does n't work " scene and had to stop .
we could n't take it anymore .
this film is an embarrasment for josh kornbluth .
if you are a fan of office space ...... don't waste your time with this turd .
a film without conscience .
drifter agrees to kill a man for a mobster for money .
then they double cross him .
meanwhile he falls in love with the dead man 's wife , and , without her knowing he 's the killer , moves in with her .
then he " accidentally " kills her when she finds out .
then , in a walking tall kind of heroism , he gets revenge on the mobsters who double crossed him .
the first problem is that , by agreeing to take on the murder by hire assignment , the drifter loses all sense of sympathy , worthiness , and heroism .
we ca n't accept any goodness in him and as a result the rest of the has no moral center .
we just ca n't care about that kind of guy .
and the wife ( nicely played by the fetching kari wuhrer - the sheriff in eight legged freaks ) , a high class lady who runs a mission for homeless people , similarly loses a degree of sympathy by jumping right into bed with the homeless drifter ( despite her evidently weakened state after the death of her husband ) .
and , when she finds out he 's the guy
what does she do ?
she locks him inside her house ( as if all houses had locks you ca n't open from inside ) with her and proceeds to berate him .
stoo - pid .
george wendt , however , is terrific in a role as a beefy thug .
director stuart gordon did so much better with re - animator and dagon .
i was very surprised to see that this movie had such a good rating , when i checked it on imdb after seeing it .
this really is one of the worst movies i have ever seen
and i have seen many bad movies .
it looks like a good movie in the beginning , but when he comes into surgery i could n't believe how bad it got .
this voice - over destroys everything !
just imagine you are being cut open like that and then listen to what he says .
i saw the movie in german
so i do n't really know what he said in english , but ironic stuff like "
yeah right , it does n't hurt .. "? ...
what is this ?
telling yourself " think about something else " and then forgetting your pain by just thinking about your girlfriend is just ... stupid .
and his mother ... how the hell does she figure something like that out ?
someone comes to tell her , her son died in surgery ( what she kind of had to expect ) .
plus she found some letters in jessica albas bag .
plus that " she knows the hospital " stuff ...
and then it takes her " one second " to figure it out ?
what the hell?^^ and the ending ... why does the police bust them ?
the patient died in surgery , that s all that happened .
that drunk doctor does n't know anything else either ...
and then they bust them all , even the girlfriend ? ? ?
why ? ? ?
despite all that i think christensen did a bad job , but that does n't really count for me ...
those mistakes and stupid things i wrote about above are the problem .
i watched this movie with some friends and we all were very disappointed ...
as i said , one of the worst movies i have ever seen ...
just do n't watch it ;)
this horror movie is really weak ...
that is if this is the correct movie i am commenting on .
nothing really terrible goes on as a family adopts a cute little german shepard pup .
i had a german shepard and it is a really good dog .
i did not get the idea to get one from this movie though , but rather from the comedy " k-9 " .
that is another story all together though .
this movie really does n't have much horror at all as the most horrific scene is at the end
and it looks really cheesy .
also , we see a guy almost put his hand into a lawn mower .
that is about it .
the father suspects something though , as his family seems to be getting rather strange , somewhere he finds out if you hold a mirror to them while they are sleeping you can see if they are possessed .
all in all a really weak horror movie even by television standards ...
television movies that do work are out there as " this house possessed " is pretty good and there is another haunted house movie about a woman and these strange creatures that is also rather good .
this one is really rather dull .
thanks to some infamous home video distributor who brought in the so called german independent series , four for venice is not only awful , but really awful .
so awful , that i have it dumped at the second hand goods store for extra cash .
nick and charlotte is a married couple who reached an agreement of having sex only on tuesday due to their hectic schedule of their profession .
eva and luis is a pair of couple living from hand to mouth , where eva works as a waitress and luis , an artist .
nick indirectly causes eva to lose her job as an waitress .
luis and charlotte had an affair at the back of eva and nick .
luis cheated on eva by lying to her that he would be flying off to london to do something related to his artwork , but the fact is , he is flying off to venice with charlotte for an adultery holiday .
eva kidnapped nick and dragged her 2 kids along to venice for confrontation .
the trip to venice ends up both nick and eva falling for one another .
the presentation of the journey from germany to venice between nick and eva marks the failure of the comedy .
it not only look senseless , but also draggy .
in the film , nick try to seek help for several ways , but it ends to no avail .
it is either the strangers around him who acts like morons , or they are just simply dumb .
the comedy also had the tendency to add in unnecessary scenes to lengthen the story .
while some of the problems that can be solved with common sense , no one in the film are using common sense to solve the problem .
they prefer to go through one big round to solve the problem .
it fails so bad , that even the beautiful sceneries in venice fails to pull up the reputation of the film .
i saw this movie years ago , and i was impressed ...
but then again i was only 12 years old .
i recently re - watched it and want that time back .
this film is pretty bad .
while i like lee majors , chris makepeace ( watch my bodyguard ( 1980)if you would like to see a good movie that he was in ... of meatballs ( also starring bill murray ) for some laughs ) , and burgess meredith , this role does / did nothing for their careers .
anyway , lee majors character , franklyn hart , is an ex- race car driver who plans on driving his race car ( which he had in storage ) across the country to california .
one problem : the government has outlawed all private transportation .
i thought the concept was ok ( not the worse i 've heard of ) , but the execution failed horribly .
i did n't think this was as absolutely horrible as some people apparently do .
it passes as one of those cheesy horror movies you might waste time with in the middle of the night when you ca n't sleep , although admittedly it 's no better quality than that .
it 's true that the acting is n't great - i thought marianne mcandrew as cathy beck , for example , came across as completely passionless - but the main problem is that several aspects of the plot did n't really make sense to me .
the becks are on a trip described by john ( stewart moss ) as part work and partly the honeymoon they never had ( now that 's romantic ! )
the work part has something to do with touring caves , which in itself sounds strange ( how does being part of a tour group through a cave relate to anyone 's work ? )
but it gets stranger when we find out that he 's a doctor doing research in the area of preventative medicine ( huh ?
that connection completely lost me . )
bitten by a bat while he 's in the cave , he begins to transform into what i guess was supposed to be a human - bat hybrid ( although when we finally see him in makeup he looks a lot more like an ape - man of some sort ) and a killing spree starts .
here 's another problem .
the first killing is a nurse in a hospital .
at first , everyone thinks her death was an accident .
the second murder is of a young girl , who is described as having her throat ripped out .
the sheriff ( michael pataki ) then tells us that her death was similar to the nurse 's ( meaning throat ripped out ?
- how could anyone think that was an accident ? )
and what 's with the sheriff ?
he seems pretty no - nonsense until the scene in cathy 's hotel room when he takes a swig of liquor and then almost rapes her , after which everything seems to go back to normal .
it 's saddled with an ending that left almost everything unresolved , and also with one of the most irritating theme songs i 've ever heard in a movie .
even for all that , there was something here that kept me watching .
sometimes pure cheesiness can get you through an hour and a half .
pretty bad ,
yeah - but not as awful as some people say .
warning :
i advise anyone who has not seen the film yet to not read this comment .
although i have n't seen them all , the hamiltons sure did deliver one lowsy piece of entertainment , which it did not entertain me at all!!!!i thought that in common with the semi - bad acting , stupid plot scheme , and the twist at the end of the movie , which was very retarded , this movie sucked!!!okay , so supposively these are people who eat other people .
yeah ......
notice
i said people not humans , not because they are n't human , or wait
i think they are , oh
no wait , they didn't
you!!!!!so
okay , are these people cannibals , or are they imbreds , or what are
they!!!!i mean , maybe they 're just " things " that came here to see what people taste like or , are they cannibals who have eaten people for a long time now , or maybe this movie was hhoorriibbllee!!which
it was!!!so
if you think the hamiltons is good , i ask of you , why , why , why , why , why was it so awesome , because to me it was just flat out terrible!!!one big booooooo for the hamiltons!!!go see the gravedancers , tooth & nail , or borderland for a piece of entertainment ! ! ! ! !
this is the most saccharine romance i ever sat through .
the perfect film for an idle housewife in kerchief , housedress , and ostrich - trimmed high - heeled mules to watch in the afternoon , lying on the couch eating bonbons .
in fact , bonbons play a prominent role in the movie .
the only reason i was able to watch to the end , is that i finally was able to gaze at keanu reeves ' dreamy face in almost every scene .
in most of his films , he moves too fast to get a good look .
the only rapid action in this show is giancarlo giannini waving his hands with latin emotionality - more italian than mexican , really .
the dialog is as stiff as wood .
unfortunately , no bodices are ripped - the hero is disgracefully perfect - mannered and mild .
the aristocratic warm - blooded old - world family cliche is as old as the hills .
what does it matter if they are irish or italian or mexican ?
this is a fairy story .
i knew before the titles finished running that this would not be the movie i hoped for .
the glowing grapes looked like the paragon of all food ads in women 's day magazine .
i did n't see his name listed , but the art director surely was thomas kinkade , who paints the million dollar canvases of irish cottages snuggled in fuchsias .
this film was literally seen through
rose - colored glasses .
if you like dreamy pink and blue sky , this film is for you !
( the bonbons looked really good , too ! )
having heard so many people raving about this film i thought i 'd give it a go .
apart from being incredibly slow , which i do n't mind as long as the wait is worth it , but it just is n't .
as many others have said there are so many inconsistencies and so much of this film just does n't ring true .
the reaction of the 4 men switches from shock , horror on finding the body to complete indifference whilst they fish .
surely if they were the type of men that would go on happily fishing , then they would have just reported the body and said they had only discovered it after their fishing trip ....
why on earth tie the body to a tree , go fishing and then tell everyone you found the body 2 days previously ?
its so hard to watch a film knowing that the behaviour of the main characters is so inconsistent .
as for the rest of the townsfolk , well you 'd think at least one of them might show some curiosity about who actually killed the woman !
the body itself , naked except for the knickers ....
what scenario leads to that ?
if she was raped then why still the knickers ?
if she was raped with the clothes on , then why remove them afterwards bar the knickers ?
if she was n't raped , then why take all her clothes off bar the knickers .... leaving yourself with evidence to dispose of ?
i truly ca nt think of any realistic scenario that would lead to that other than killing someone to steal their clothes so you can fill up your jumble sale stall !
oh well its watchable but only just and only because , despite the poor script , the acting is strong .
there is only one reason to watch this movie if you are not related to one of the stars or a producer : actress nichole hiltz .
she is the show in this slow moving and wildly unlikely story of revenge .
directed by simon gornick , the film stars joyce hyser as a betrayed wife who decides to seek revenge on her cheatin ' spouse .
oh , but not by conventional means .
she plans a total guerrilla war and recruits bad girl nichole hiltz as her weapon of choice .
she wants nichole ( as tuesday ) to get close to her ex ( the handsome but dull stephan jenkins , who should stick to music ) to embarrass him and ruin his life .
david deluise is good in his few brief moments , and former " crime story " star anthony dennison is given virtually nothing to do but scowl .
hiltz on the other hand comes off at various times as sexy and playful , then evil and devious .
she also handles vulnerable and " maybe a bit psychotic " well .
she 's also quite hot ( though there 's no naughty bits show )
so you can understand how she might be able to get to any guy she is aimed at .
but the performance is kind of wasted in this movie , which is just not edgy or interesting enough to recommend .
office work , especially in this era of computers , multi - functional copy machines , e - mail , voice mail , snail mail and ` temps , ' is territory ripe with satirical possibilities , a vein previously tapped in such films as ` clockwatchers ' and ` office space , ' and very successfully .
this latest addition to the temp / humor pool , however , ` haiku tunnel , ' directed by josh kornbluth and jacob kornbluth , fails to live up to it 's predecessors , and leaves the laughs somewhere outside the door , waiting for a chance to sneak in .
unfortunately for the audience , that chance never comes ; so what you get is a nice try , but as the man once said , no cigar . 	
as the narrator / star of the film , josh kornbluth ( playing josh kornbluth ) , points out in the opening frames ( in a monologue delivered directly into the camera ) , this story is pure fiction , and takes place in the fictional city of ` san franc'l'isco . '
it 's an innovative , if not very imaginatively presented disclaimer , and not all that funny .
it is , however , a harbinger of what is to follow , all of which-- like the disclaimer--
just is n't all that funny . 	
kornbluth plays kornbluth , an aspiring novelist who supports himself working as a ` temp . '
it 's a job that suits him , and it gives him time to slip in some work on his novel from time to time .
but when he goes to work for a lawyer , bob shelby ( warren keith ) , he does too good a job on the first day , and shelby dispatches head secretary marlina d'amore ( helen shumaker ) to kornbluth to persuade him to go ` perm . '
the thought of working full time for the same company , though , initially strikes fear in the heart of kornbluth , but he caves in and signs on for the position .
he 's nervous about it , but at least now the other secretaries acknowledge his presence ( which , of course , they would never do with a temp ) , and if things get too rough , he has seventeen important letters
he 's typed up-- that now just have to be mailed out-- to fall back on ( he 's been holding them back because the mailing is the easy part , and he needs that ` something easy to do ' in reserve , in case it all gets to be too much for him ) .
these are ` important ' letters , however , and by the end of the week , kornbluth still has them in reserve , on his desk .
and it does n't take a genius to figure out that when shelby finds out about it , kornbluth 's days as the fair - haired boy are going to be over .
and quick . 	
the brothers kornbluth , who not only directed , but along with john bellucci also wrote the screenplay for this film , should have taken a page out of the ben stiller book of comedy , where it says ` if you play it straight , they will laugh . '
but , they did n't , and the audience wo n't .
because in comedy , even looking at it as objectively as possible , when the main character ( as well as most of the supporting characters , in this case ) ` plays ' funny--
, he ` knows ' he 's being funny--
he never is .
and that 's exactly what kornbluth does here ; so rather than being ` funny , ' he comes across as insincere and pretentious , a grievous error in judgment on the part of the kornbluths , because by allowing it , they sabotaged their own movie . 	
in trying to discern exactly why this movie does n't work , it comes down to two basic reasons : the directing , which-- if not necessarily ` bad'-- is at least careless ; and secondly , the performances , beginning with that of josh kornbluth .
quite simply , kornbluth just seems too impressed with himself to be effective here .
unlike stiller , or even steve martin-- both of whom use self - deprecating humor
very effectively-- kornbluth apparently has an ego that simply will not allow putting himself in that light ; he seems to have a need to let his audience know that he , the real kornbluth , is in reality much more clever than kornbluth the character .
and being unable to get past that does him in , as well as the film .
rather than give the millions of office workers who may see this film someone to whom they can relate or with whom they can identify , kornbluth affects a condescending manner that only serves to alienate the very people he is attempting to reach .
so what it all comes down to is a case of poor directing and unconvincing acting , and when you take into consideration that the screenplay itself was weak to begin with , with an inexplicably narrow focus ( given the potential of the rich subject matter ) , it 's easy to understand why this one just does n't fly . 	
the one saving grace of the film is the performance by warren keith as shelby , whose subtle delivery is convincing , and which-- in and of itself-- is fairly humorous .
the effectiveness of it is diminished , however , inasmuch as keith has to share his scenes with kornbluth , which somewhat automatically cancels out his positive contributions to the project . 	
shumaker and sarah overman ( julie faustino ) also manage to keep their heads above water with their respective performances , which are commendable , if not entirely memorable ; they at least make their scenes watchable , and overman even manages to elevate kornbluth 's performance , if only momentarily .
but it 's still not enough to save the day or the film . 	
the supporting cast includes amy resnick ( mindy ) , brian thorstenson ( clifford ) , june lomena ( davonne ) , joe bellan ( jimmy the mail clerk ) , with a cameo appearance by a disheveled looking harry shearer , as the orientation leader-- a role that begs for an answer to the question , ` what was he thinking when he agreed to this ? '
in any work environment , there will forever be situations arising that one way or another will unavoidably become fodder for someone 's comedic cannon , and the films depicting said situations will always be with us ; the good ones ( see paragraph one ) may even become classics in their own right .
` haiku tunnel , ' however , will doubtfully remain very long amongst them , for it 's destiny lies elsewhere-- in a realm known only as :
` obscurity . '
i rate this one 1/10 .  
i just finished watching this movie .
it was n't ridiculously bad , but i 'm really disappointed with it .
i 'm not really sure why someone would make a movie like this .
it was marginally entertaining , but i feel like the people making it had a lot of disagreements on what they were making .
monday , the writer was in charge ; tuesday , the director ; wednesday , the guy who gets the coffee ; etc .
it almost seems like they really wanted to make a couple different movies , but only had the time and money to make one .
someone else commented that the acting was really good , but i 'd have to disagree .
then again , if the actors were able to keep a straight face during the filming , perhaps they 're better actors than i give them credit for .
the back of the dvd gives the impression that the movie would be a mystery ... something along the lines of a historical law and order or national treasure .
it starts off like that , but then , out of nowhere it takes a turn towards a bad episode of the twilight zone , or ... what was that other show that was n't as good ...
a bad episode of the outer limits .
my main complaint about the movie is that it is just so played out .
there 's the evil guy with spiked white hair .
there 's the love interest , who , when she first appears , the wind actually blows through her hair .
seriously .
once you realize it 's a christian movie , the end is also pretty easy to spot .
the cinematography was poorly done , especially in the opening scenes - way to put your best foot forward .
it was n't atrocious for most of the movie , but there was the occasional ridiculously bad shot of an old lady , praying , arms up in a dark room while lightening is striking - the sort of thing that just makes you a little bit embarrassed to be watching the movie .
as soon as it hits a screen , it destroys all intelligent life forms around !
but on behalf of its producers i must say it does n't fall into any known movie category , it deserves a brand new denomination of its own !
it 's a " neurological drama " !
it saddens and depresses every single neuron inside a person 's brain .
it 's the closest thing one will ever get to a stroke without actually suffering one .
it drives you speechless , all you members go numb , your mouth falls open and remains so , and the most strange symptom of all is that you get yourself wishing to go blind and deaf .
no small feat for such a sort of a " movie" .
the only word that comes to my mind just having finished my ordeal is outrage ! ! ! ! ! !
well , were to start ?
this is by far one of the worst films
i 've ever paid good money to see .
i wo n't comment on the story itself , it 's a wonderful classic , but here it feels like a soap opera .
to start with , the acting , except for eric bana , is soap opera quality .
i 've always been a fan of brad pitt , but here every actor on the bold and the beautiful puts him to shame .
the camera action does n't help , either .
how it lingers on him when he 's thinking , it just takes me back to brooke forrester 's days in the lab !
peter o'toole has either had a really bad plastic surgery , or he is desperately in need of one .
either way , he looks more like linda evans than linda evans !
and to end my comments , diane kruger is a cute girl , but she sure is no helen of troy .
peterson should rather have chosen saffron burrows for the role , since elizabeth taylor would be rather miscast by now .
elephant walk was a thoroughly dull film
and i really was quite happy when finally a herd of elephants stormed through the mansion and ended this film .
considering the money and cast , you 'd sure expect the film to be a lot better , though i also question the odd casting of dana andrews as a man who is in love with elizabeth taylor .
it 's not just the age difference
but i just ca n't see the pair as a couple .
perhaps some of this may be the fault of substituting miss taylor for vivian leigh at the last minute ( due to miss leigh 's deteriorating mental condition)--though i also have a hard time visualizing andrews and leigh as well .
in addition , for an english woman , miss taylor does n't even seem to try using an accent .
the film begins with peter finch and taylor meeting and marrying in england .
their plan is to return to finch 's tea plantation in ceylon ( sri lanka ) and at first it seems like a good life .
however , there are no women to talk with and the household staff seem to resent her .
on top of that , once back home , finch behaves like a boorish jerk and taylor is miserable .
neighbor andrews can see this and he declares his undying passion for her .
however , taylor is n't yet ready to abandon her marriage .
but , through the course of the film finch treats liz more and more like an object and finally she is ready to leave ...
when out of the blue , cholera strikes the plantation .
so it 's up to andrews , finch and taylor to work together to save the day --
though by this point i really did n't care , as there is absolutely no chemistry between the characters , the dialog is pretty dull
and you ca n't understand why taylor did n't leave her weasel husband within days of arriving in this inhospitable hell .
the film is n't particularly engaging or convincing and despite a decent budget by paramount , the film is a sluggish mess .
i particularly was surprised that although the film appeared to be filmed on location , many scenes were clearly filmed in a studio with a rear projected ( and grainy ) shot that was n't integrated well .
in one scene , for instance , taylor , finch and the lot are sitting on the veranda and the grass is bright green .
then , when the picture cuts to people dancing right in front of them , the grass is brown !
it 's clear they really are not in ceylon in this scene or the scene with the giant reclining buddha .
my advice is to skip this one or at least keep a pot of coffee nearby to keep you awake .
despite its budget , it 's just not a very good or inspired film .
by the way , could miss taylor have been pregnant during part of this film ?
in some scenes ( particularly at the beginning ) she 's wearing billowy clothes , has a double - chin and looks puffy .
this is n't a criticism -- after all , women do get pregnant !
but if you look carefully , you 'll see what i mean .
also by the way , the basic plot in many ways is similar to giant -- a great taylor film indeed !
it 's amazing how casting and decent direction can do so much .
ok , a slasher movie .
a very , very stupid slasher movie .
we got your stereotypical teenagers in a house thing going .
we got a fbi agent that 's seen dirty harry one time too many . "
so what 's the secret .... punks ?
" we got about 4 different little camera shots and scene that make no sense at all . "
hey man , i 'm fixing the sprinklers " ( ( that guy was my favorite part of the movie ) )
suddenly there 's a preacher tied up on a couch watching home movies , he gets killed.they follow the killer into the middle of nowhere , with no cops .
suddenly she 's in a church , wearing a wedding dress .
i swear this is the stupidest slasher movie i 've ever seen .
i bought a dvd of this film for my girlfriend who shares the same name as the ghost girl in this film , and enjoys movies about the paranormal .
the movie was shot entirely on video , so it has the look of a pbs special about it .
the special effects are phoney looking , but there are actually some scary moments in the movie that got us to jump in our seat .
there is a particularly effective scare involving a virgin mary statue .
however , the acting is bad , the " plot " scenes are long and very boring , and i will tell you i have no clue what happened at the end .
if you get the movie , rent it , if you buy it , please make sure you pay less than $ 5 .
the worst movie i have seen in quite a while .
interesting first half with some engaging , terse dialogue among dubious characters in a late - night bar .
the movie then degenerates into a shapeless succession of scenes aiming for visual shock ( read disgust ) without any redeeming observations or lessons in humanity or anything else .
i wanted to walk out , but the director was present at this showing and my politeness preventing me from showing him disrespect .
still , time is precious ( as the director himself observed in his intro ) and i really begrudge the time i wasted on the second half of this one .
saving graces were the three main characters in the first half of the movie , especially the female lead .
i recently decided to revisit the omen trilogy only to discover that { insert demonic music here } there is a fourth .
i did n't expect much from it , and in that respect it certainly lived up to my expectations .
if you 're into watching bad movies for a laugh , then this just may be the movie for you .
oh , where do we start?from the onset ,
the " made for tv " look and feel of the movie was obvious .
the music was often inappropriately matched with what was happening in the movie and therefore ( at best ) distracting .
the script had all the suspense of an 8 year - olds work of fiction .
but one thing that must be said is that the lacking script was very well matched up with the appalling acting .
numerous scenes left me contemplating whether it was the script or the acting that was the source of ridiculousness .
the story itself is quite thin , centering on all the crazy antics of the daughter of damien thorn , adopted out by wrong - doing and badly acted nuns .
there is the usual lot of mysterious and convoluted deaths that personally made me yawn as the " drama " unfolded , and the usual third - party investigator into the whole affair .
later , via some medical phenomena , damien thorn jnr is born .
and that pretty much wraps up the plot .
the whole thing is executed rather badly right from the beginning with the lack of suspense making the movie one monotonous and/or ridiculous scene after another .
there were many wtf ? ! ?
moments too that provides the unintended comedy relief .
for example , what 's with the major over - reaction at the beginning of the movie when the baby scratches the mother 's cheek ? ?
hardly a 360-degree - head - turning omen .
i also laughed at the over - reaction at the baptism .
the baby cries , and everyone looks very concerned .
the distressed mother runs out of the church and the priest is left looking very alarmed while crossing himself .
then there is the new - age nanny that seems to have carte blanche on exposing an 8 year - old to all kind of alternative spiritualism .
i laughed when the nanny suggested bringing the troubled delia to a psychic fair to meet the nanny 's hippie friends and the mother just shrugs her shoulders and allows it . "
yeah that 's groovy , fill my troubled 8 year old daughter 's head with all this mysticism stuff .
that 's cool .
i do n't need to be there .
" of course this would be expected from a mother who allows her daughter to adopt a fully grown rottweiler they encounter on the street that could bite the little girls head off as a snack .
the entire scene at the psychic fair is quite comical in a slapstick kinda way , from the horrified reactionary stares of the psychics to delia , to the ensuing inferno .
i also laughed at how the nun 's death is considered a " freak accident " .
here we have a religious zealot , ( who is described as being part of a cult ) , who is fanatically preaching in a pit full of rattlesnakes to prove how god 's glory will protect them .
she antagonizes the snakes by handling them and somehow she is bitten several times .
hardly a freak accident .
more like a successful suicide attempt .
the snakes - vs - nun scene was n't the only comical death .
there is the slow - speed car accident resulting in decapitation in a school parking lot .
then there is the slow - motion demolition ball headed straight for the detective .
i believe i may have gone and made a coffee when the slow - motion started only to come back to see the demolition ball still headed straight for the " concerned " detective .
then there is the quintessential who - shot - who cliché death , where a gun goes off and both act as if they have been shot for several seconds while exchanging horrified glances .
then someone goes tumbling down the stairs revealing who the real victim was .
additionally , the death of the priest at the beginning of the movie seemed a little strange and pointless to me .
he runs around looking at the architecture of the church .
obviously finding this quite distressing , he eventually collapses , clutching his chest and dies .
apparently something demonic was happening , as this is what the music was suggesting .
ummm .
i am surprised that others have reviewed this film favorably and , in particularly , as a " worthy sequel " .
it is difficult not to notice the non - sensical script , the unrealistic acting , and the inappropriate musical score .
the movie lacks any suspense , relying heavily on delia 's " demonic stare " to provide a sense of horror , which becomes rather annoying after a short time .
bottom line : this is a bad movie with the only redeeming feature being
it 's unintended potential for being a comedy .
when i was in school i made a film about a couple roaming around in the trees and talking , and i realized halfway through editing that this was not just a failing aesthetic strategy but a cliché of canadian cinema : sodden lyricism married to vacant , metaphor - burdened stabs at social commentary .
but whatever my own film 's failings i feel much better after seeing this ...
this ... thing .
for one thing , mine ran 20 minutes , not 85 , and had more content at that : every pointless bit of business here is fawned over for four , five , six relentless minutes .
the male lead is just incredible , a brow - beating , loudmouthed creep given to outbursts of drama - class improv in between philosophical insights culled from the u of t pub , and he is given lots and lots of space to make us hate him .
admittedly if he were n't such an a**hole then the third act would make even less sense , as a couple snarky dudes show up to provide distant and thoroughly unhelpful echoes of ' exploitation ' values ; but it does n't make it any easier to watch the caged creep whimper " please " in closeup until the magazine runs out .
i take back what i said about autumn born , which at least had the courage of its own misbegotten lechery : this cinematic crater is and will remain the very worst canadian movie of all time .
at least , i really really hope so .
once again , disney manages to make a children 's movie which totally ignores its background .
about the only thing common with this and the original gadget cartoons is the names .
the most glaring errors are the characters - penny does not have her book , brain has been reduced from a character to a fancy prop , dr claw is more a show - off than an evil villain , etc .
but there are more than that .
the horrors start from the first minutes of the film - having gadget as a security guard called john brown does n't help identifying him as the classic inspector gadget .
and right in the beginning we see disney 's blatant attempt to turn every story ever into a love affair between a man and a woman - they introduce brenda , who only serves to make this movie disney - compatible .
add to this the fact that the " claw " seen in this film and the classic dr claw are almost diagonally opposite
and you 'll see this is going to be nowhere near the original storyline .
what would help would be a better storyline to replace it - but as you guessed , disney failed in that too .
the whole movie is just gadget acting silly for silliness 's sake and lusting after brenda .
as if to add insult to the injury , disney introduced the " new " gadgetmobile - it does n't look , function or think like the old gadgetmobile at all , it 's just the canonical " comic relief " figure .
disney obviously recognised that the gadget cartoons were a comedy , so they made the film a comedy too , but they took out all the clever running gags ( like the assignment paper exploding in the chief 's face ) and replaced them with gadget being a moron , the gadgetmobile being a wise - ass , and
" claw " showing off .
someone should tell disney that " children 's movie " does n't imply " total lack of any brain usage " .
gadget should be targeted for children of 10 - 12 years ...
not children of 10 - 12 months like this movie .
whatever this movie is supposed to be , it is not , repeat
not , the real inspector gadget .
because i love the old gadget , i hate this .
some of the filmmakers who are participating in this series have made some really great films but they sure as heck are not showing much skill with this series .
particularly the writing .
ok , the first season was somewhat better but these new episodes they are creating just stink .
i 'm a huge fan of horror and in my opinion the vast majority of these episodes are total garbage .
nothing new or genuinely interesting .
few of them are visually creative .
it 's just typical fabricated hollywood crap , uninteresting , childish , poorly conceived and in some cases , flat out laughable .
much like tales from the crypt the only good thing this series has been offering is great nudity !
other then that this series blows hard .
i get the impression sometimes that they hired a bunch of eighth - graders to write the episodes .
maybe they did .
when you look back at another bad nightmare sequel like freddy 's revenge , you have to at least give it some credit for trying something new .
and although the dream child is more enjoyable it offers absolutely nothing new to the series .
yes , there 's the creative deaths as usual , like a kid becoming part of a comic book and facing " super freddy " but even scenes like that are n't used to their full potential and the parts without freddy are just boring .
this marked the official death of scariness to the series .
freddy seems to be the comedic relief now ...
but to what?my rating : 4/10
i probably give this more credit than it deserves because it 's halloween
, i was just at " knott 's scary farm " and i was in a mood to watch a really cheesy halloween movie .
oh , and it only cost me one dollar .
usually i 'll ffwd through a movie like this to get to " the good stuff , " but i resisted the urge here
and i 'm still not sure why .
it was obvious from the opening shots
this was n't a " real " movie , not even a b - movie .
it 's more in the category of the decoteau " horror " movies like " the brotherhood " that are shot on film - look video for about 50 cents ( in fact , i was half afraid any minute one of his beefy college boys would stagger out rubbing himself in his underpants or something ) .
there were no cutaway shots ( too expensive to do multiple camera setups ) and flat lighting
but ... it 's hard to pinpoint .
there 's something refreshing about watching a director with no money pull off a half - decent movie .
the fact that he 's doing even a half - decent job is commendable , and this movie has
it 's share of merits -- the acting is n't bad , the photography is pretty good ( if too bright to be scary ) , there are some surprises , and the whole thing is sort of ... different somehow .
a bunch of college kids are ( for some unknown reason ) stuck in the warehouse where they are decorating the annual haunted house .
a creepy old man gives them a satanic book and they accidentally summon up the powers of hell .
this results in the costumed people in the haunted house becoming who they are made up to be , and causing a lot of mayhem and human suffering .
along the way we are treated to an oddly complex and thoughtful lesbian relationship subplot -- it 's interesting that this couple seems to be the most well - rounded in the movie .
yes , there 's a sex scene but it is n't salacious -- or at least no more so than you 'd find in any legit movie about lesbians that shows them having sex .
it 's rather unusual for a horror film to take the time and effort to do this without resorting to cheap exploitation .
the other thing about this that held my interest was how it was clearly trying to emulate the " stupid kids have sex and get killed " vibe of the 80 's slashers .
it 's hard to take that on because there are so many of those films that already exist , the genre has been done to death .
i 'm not sure if it 's good or bad that these filmmakers simply tried to make another entry in that genre , without irony , as if it was still a living genre , but i appreciated the attempt .
which is why i sat through it ; sometimes you just want to watch a mindless , no - budget , " a - for - effort " horror film .
there really was too much set up , not enough gore , endless plot - holes , dead - ends and clichés and the unfortunate overall feel of a movie that simply did not have enough money behind it to be the film the producers envisioned ...
but at the very least the haunted house scenes were pretty cool .
i 'd pay to go to that haunted house if it existed , and did n't mind paying a dollar to see it on dvd even if i 'll never watch this again .
and * * possible spoiler
but there was great , brief business with the vampire girl in the coffin : " i used to be claustrophobic .
but i 've changed .
ha ha , good one .
i found the characters mediocre and the story uninteresting .
i never had to read this book ( thankfully ) , or it would have been a painful experience .
i got the tickets to the preview for free
but it still was n't worth my time , or my friend 's .
i think this story is not worth telling .
it 's like saying that old people have a past before they got old ( no kidding ) .
the lives of the main characters were painful to watch , one generation no better than the next at avoiding stupid mistakes .
however , i think the actors did the best they could with a lame story .
i 've always been a big fan of ellen burstyn .
i 'm writing this review to counteract the positive reviews given , which unfortunately convinced me to give this movie a try .
ok , i knew this would be a back alley f - film ( well below b - film standards ) going into it , so i thought , " man , i could use a good laugh , so let 's see some nether - beings kill each other . "
well , what i got could have been found at your local " love toy " store .
random lesbian scenes , very little fighting , and no plot .
for example , one scene in particular i remember ( for its sheer stupidity only ; i 've seen better porn on abc ) is where the two main characters ( i ca n't remember their names offhand ... great movie , huh ? ) are driving along , as they mostly did , and the driver was tired of driving and stopped :
driver : " let 's pull over
, i 'm tired .
you want to take over ? "
passenger : " sure , i can drive for a while . "
( once pulled over , the driver starts grabbing the passenger 's boobs
) passenger : "
what are you doing ?
i 'm not like that ! "
driver : " it 's ok , everyone does it sometime . "
passenger : " ok then . "
( proceed to take off shirts , fondle , kiss , and perform fellatio)now , last time i checked , horror films were not in the porn section of hollywood video ( unless you 're into s&m , then you go elsewhere ) , and it definitely should n't be in the mainstream videos at blockbuster .
do n't get me wrong ; i 'm definitely not one of those people who hate porn , but i only watch it when appropriate and definitely do n't want to watch it if i 'm looking for a movie in the mainstream stores , as this one i rented was at one of the two retailers i named ( and probably at the other too if i went and looked).worst movie ever , no one should rent it , and it should only be bought for a public burning ceremony .
if i could give it a 0 , i would , but i can only give it a * of 10 .
this only gets bashed because it stars david hasselhoff .
well , then let me bash it to .
compared to the garbage they call horror coming out nowadays , this film is n't too bad .
it has the beautiful leslie cumming .
she is super hot , but ca n't talk very well .
there is a great scene with her when she is supernaturally raped .
she shows off her nice body .
linda blair does nothing here as well as hasselhoff .
i 'm a don johnson fan , but this is undoubtedly the worst movie , done by anybody , that i 've ever seen .
the acting was bad , as was the cinematography .
don should stick to doing action , because as the king , he just did n't cut it .
the title says it all . "
tail gunner joe " was a tag given to the senator which relied upon the ignorance of the public about world war ii aircraft .
the rear facing moving guns relied upon a latch that would prevent the rear gunner from shooting off the tail of the airplane by preventing the gun from firing when it pointed at the tail .
when the senator was practicing on the ground one day , he succeeded in shooting off the tail of the airplane .
he could n't have done that if the gun had been properly aligned .
the gunnery officer responsible for that admitted , in public , before a camera , that he was responsible -- he had made the error , not the senator .
the fact that the film did not report that fact , shows how one - sided it is .
this film was designed to do one thing , destroy the reputation of a complex person .
a much better program was the pbs special done on him .
he was a hard working , intelligent , ambitious politician who overcame extraordinary disadvantages to rise to extraordinary heights .
he made some mistakes , some serious mistakes , but shooting the tail off an airplane was not one of them .
the popularity of this film is due to the fact that the public likes simple stories , one = sided stories , so that they do n't have to think .
i am starting this review with a big giant spoiler about this film .
do not read further ...
here it comes , avert your eyes !
the main heroine , the girl who always survives in other slasher films , is murdered here .
there , i just saved you 79 minutes of your life .
this is one of those cheap movies that was thrown together in the middle of the slasher era of the ' 80 's .
despite killing the heroine off , this is just substandard junk .
both priests and college students get a bad rap here .
they are pictured as oversexed , sociopathic morons who have way too many internal problems to deal with what looks like junior college campus life ... and the college students come off even worse .
"splatter
university " is just gunk to put in your vcr when you have nothing better to do , although i suggest watching your head cleaner tape , that would be more entertaining .
this is rated ( r ) for strong physical violence , gore , profanity , very brief female nudity , and sexual references .
this is definitely one of the weirder 70 's movies out there , and it 's most notable for kicking off a decade of bigfoot hysteria .
it is also notable for the little touches of insanity throughout the movie , especially when the dark , moody first half is replaced by a musical interlude of all things ( as another user pointed out , one of the songs is dedicated to a character , travis crabtree , who paddles around in a canoe for a while , then ...
leaves , never to be seen again ) .
although it 's painfully dated now , i 's still a fun scary movie to show to kids , and anyone who enjoys either bigfoot lore or 70 's hillbilly culture is bound to get a kick out of this .
my favorite part : a guy gets so scared that he jumps headfirst through a door ( ! ? )
and the narrator explains he went unconscious from " shock .
uh , i 'd say breaking a door with his head is more likely why he went unconscious , but whatever.4/10 stars , or 7/10 if you like bad americana .
grieving couple move to a cabin on a mountain after the loss of their daughter , discovering that there may be ghosts haunting the place , restless spirits of past occupants who committed suicide .
julie pyke(cheri christian)blames husband
allen(greg
thompson)for the horrible death of their daughter due to leaving the door unlocked and the marriage has deteriorated because of it .
julie remains in a zombie state , eliciting next to no emotion , remote and numb , only photographing a nearby abandoned prison , finding a startling image of a ghoul girl clinging to the bars of a cell .
though allen does n't see anything out of the ordinary , julie continues to take pictures and we can recognize that something is n't quite right .
a local handyman , jim payne(scott hodges ) , a rather distant fellow who harbors a secret becomes a dangerous threat when it is revealed that his dead mother might have something to do with the haunts occurring to the pykes .
meanwhile the neighbors who sold the pykes the cabin find themselves victims as well , alcoholic mr booth 's abuse to his wife coming back to haunt him .
allen will conduct an investigation into the history of his cabin , attempting to unravel the mystery about the place .
plenty of ghosts moving about in the background in this somber supernatural tale with practically every character miserable .
cheri christian remains so vacuous and lost , it 's incredibly hard to connect with her despite the fact that you understand her plight .
the acting , as is often mentioned , remains frustrating because none of the characters exactly are easy to latch on to .
i guess it 's supposed to be this way , under their circumstances , but the trouble i had was never being able to properly embrace the pykes due to their constant state of aloofness .
cheri comes off as cold and detached , as i figure a mother would tend to be when you lose a child in such a way , but the icy nature left me pleading inside to embrace her which i just never could .
i think the right performers , even if the characters are going through an emotional turmoil , can grab the hearts of their viewers , if a humanity reaches out to us .. in this movie 's case , the leads are unable to do so , for whatever reason .
it could 've been me , i do n't know .
i wanted to care for them , but nothing in the characters tugged on my heart strings .
anyway , as the film continues , allen slowly uncovers certain truths and must defend himself against his wife who has convinced herself that their daughter is among them
and she wo n't lose her little girl again .
jim , the unstable neighbor who believes that to stop the hauntings plaguing the area he must kill the pykes , becomes a vital threat .
the ghosts remain a central part of the movie , their presence , particularly jim 's mother , established throughout , off in the distance .
the finale reveals all of them as allen must find help for his wife while trying to thwart jim 's mission .
i had a hard time getting into this one due to my unease with the leads and their characters .
this has to be the worst , and i mean worst biker movie ever made !
and that 's saying a lot because the line of stinkers is long and smelly!now
at least we know what happened to ginger after she was rescued from gilligan 's island !
a frightened looking tina louise(she was probably afraid someone would see this mess!)is a stranded motorist who is tormented by the most repulsive motorcycle gang in film history .
but , do n't worry fans !
batman , i mean adam west as a hick - town doctor comes to the rescue !
crush !
boom !
holy toledo batman !
the only good points of this " bomb " are some cute women , some laughable fight scenes , and the still " sexy " tina louise !
let 's face it , romantic comedies are considered lightweight when compared with dramatic movies ( just look at the academy award nominations each year ) .
but still , the good ones are truly an art form .
look at " when harry met sally " , " sleepless in seattle " , and classics like " roman holiday " and
" it happened one night " .
i like the good feeling of seeing two people destined to find happiness .
this movie attempts to construct something that resembles a romantic comedy .
but no one believes the romance between the main characters , and there is nothing funny to make up for that major shortcoming .
modine is way past being a leading man - especially a romantic lead .
i 'm sure as executive producer , he had the means - but not the good sense - to cast himself .
and gershon ... i see possibilities of some comedic talent , but she had no script and a poorly developed character .
and whose idea was the english accent ?
pointless .
others have stated it , but i want to repeat : this story is poorly conceived , poorly executed ; the actors are terribly miscast ; and the characters , well , we just do n't give a hoot about them .
an art form this ai n't .
go rent " moonstruck " again .
was this tim meadows first acting role in a movie ?
the character , leon , is funny enough but shortly after that the sexual jokes and humor are too dumb to listen to anymore .
some movies can get away with the sexual jokes , and base their audiences to know that right when the advertising comes on .
some movies that do this are american pie and scary movie .
scary movie was stupid , and american pie would nt have done well without the sexual jokes .
the only role , besides leon , that had some humor that followed was will ferrell .
the character really was dumb and that was all , the dumb humor was all that had me watching .
the movie was ok , and nothing else .
i do nt really understand why the snl people that are dying to leave the show always get a movie based on a character they played on the show .
the skits last about 5 minutes , and if they can make a movie off a 5 minute skit , then what is the world coming to ?
molly shannon had superstar , cheri o'terri had scary movie , but she was nt a leading role , and will had elf .
but that was good , but he did some dumb movie , but i ca nt remember , and mike myers with wayne 's world .
how come the mad tv crew do nt ever get movie deals ?
seen only one guy break through , but only in like 2 movies and a tv show with andy dick .
but that guy relies on comedy for his life to continue , funny or not .
this movie is not good , but had some positive humor .
what a waste of film and people 's money .
( d d- )
this movie is n't about football at all .
it 's about jesus / god ! !
it 's the same kind of sappy sanctimonious religious drivel you get from those arch idiots who wrestle for jesus , or pump iron for jesus .
yeah , jesus was totally buffed , liked contact sports , and definitely owned a full set of dumb bells .
duhhh !
this movie should have been entitled " hiking for jesus , " or something along those lines just to let the general public know that the real intent of this movie is to convert people to christianity , and to pander to those whose brains have already been thoroughly washed in the blood of the lamb .
that the title is derived from the bible is made clear when the head coach is reading his bible and asking jesus for help .
the recent sports movie " invincible " was 100 times more inspiring than this was , and jesus was n't even a factor .
it was just the desire and determination of an individual with a dream .
any broad appeal as an inspirational sports movie is ultimately lost amidst all of the blatant bible thumping and sanctimonious religious propaganda .
one gets the impression that the sole message is the only way you can succeed and make positive gain is if you accept jesus as your personal savior .
but this is simply not true , and is therefore a lie being perpetuated by those who believe that it is true and want everyone else to believe it .
the image of the winning athlete thanking jesus when he wins comes directly to mind .
what does he do when he loses ?
does he curse jesus ?
of course not !
when he loses jesus is n't responsible .
jesus is only responsible when he wins .
and the logic goes round and round and round , and it ends up exactly where the true believer needs it to be , every time ! !
i had to hit pause when the scene with the coach receiving a brand new truck came on
so i could stop rolling on the floor laughing my ass off and catch my breath .
materialism is not what jesus taught .
i find it odd that most so called " christians " seem to either forget or ignore this message from their " savior , " especially when i see a jesus fish on the back of a huge gas guzzling suv that passes me like i 'm standing still .
another message this movie implies is that jesus apparently cares more about the win loss record of a mediocre high school football team that he does about the millions of starving children in the world .
the final scene where the insecure and unsure kicker boots a 51 yard field goal and it is hyped up as an unbelievably incredible miracle puts the final gag me with a spoon religious red flag on this turkey .
i only gave it three stars because the guy who played the black coach could actually act .
dude , really ! ! ! ! where have you guys been the past 20 years , this is shocking in all kind of ways , horror ?
this is a joke , there is nothing wrong with being low budget , but this is a laugh , if you want to look at the classics , freaks of tod browning , the victims of dracula and frankenstein , the undying monster , ernest thesiger ,
paul wegener 's the golem and the passengers of the ghost train
, you ca n't compare it , it gives it a bad name , bad acting , bad screenplay etc .
total waist of money and free time , have watched a lot of movies , were as horror is my all time favorite
, i really am speechless , have nothing more to say that please do n't do the effort to watch something so daft , please understand
well , i can honestly say that this is the first time that i experienced a film that had literally no meat or potatoes in it .
the entire film felt like it was just the salad with no main course .
the story line was fallible and laughable , the characters were one - dimensional , the realism was out the window , and the animation was done by four - year olds .
does that cover it ?
i have never been more embarrassed for a concept in my entire life .
i have never read the comics or seen the other programs with this character , but from the looks of the other reviews i am not off base with my observation .
to begin , the story moved too quickly .
for someone new to this character and situations , i needed more built into creating the reasons instead of finding the solution .
i have seen other anime ( if you could call this one an anime ) that do great things with their characters because they take the time to develop them .
there was nothing set aside for lady death .
in a few short scenes , we see her train with cremator and instantly become this aggressive she - beast of hell .
this was hard for me to swallow , considering moments before she was introduced as this weak and feeble woman controlled by her father .
suddenly , she is immersed with hatred and can do battle with an existence that has been around for millions of years .
this was absurd .
the presentation of lady death was poor , to say the least .
i felt as if she was nothing more than an animated character instead of a desperate woman with revenge on the mind .
for me , it just did n't work .
she was nothing more than eye - candy for prepubescent boys wanting to ogle the mass quantities of skin that she suddenly grew on her chest when training with cremator .
oh , i felt sick just watching her .
the same goes for the character of cremator .
who was this random person ?
the explanation they gave was n't enough , and instead i was left with more incoherent babbling than actual development .
it is a very sad day in hell when we forgo characters to show more violence and action , especially in an animated feature .
next , there was lucifer himself .
let me just say that i think i could do battle with the king of hell and survive .
he was weak , his voice was laughable , and he just did n't represent the image that i had in my mind .
it was as if disney was in control and wanted to make him semi - pc .
he lacked the darkness and corrupt nature that lucifer embodies .
he was not the ruler of hell , but instead just a lackey that had a bigger place to live .
speaking of living or dying , how can you die again in hell ?
that was a concept that definitely needed more explanation .
most of the characters were worrying about dying , when they did n't even consider the option that they were already dead .
that is how they got to hell .
i think it was this level of thinking that ruined the film for me .
i did n't quite capture the notion that your soul was still in a solid body in hell , but that could just be me   or maybe it was because there was no development in this story .
there was nothing built , just preparing .
the battle sequences were hysterically bad .
the animation in this cartoon felt like it was made in the early 90s .
there was nothing impressive about the way that this film was drawn .
why are we , america , so behind on animation ?
it is huge in asia , and it is creeping in hardcore here because we keep making films like lady death that do not challenge or use any part of imagination .
we are cheap , and this film shows it .
overall , this film was bad .
the animation coupled with the horrendous voice work was cheap .
i had head somewhere that this film as in production for a long time , which is hard to understand because i think i could have made this film on my credit card .
the production was horrendous as well as the story .
nothing was developed , leaving huge gaping plot holes that nearly everyone fell into .
the strength of the characters was missing , and nothing was explained .
i wasted my time with this one and would like to warn others so that when death does come , you do n't find yourself in my state and regretting the fact that you wasted 80 minutes on this piece of garbage .
blah !
grade :
* out of
* * * * *
this movie should have been named need for speed : the movie .
for those who have not played the games need for speed is mostly about hot cars and beautiful women and almost no plot .
this applies perfectly to redline .
the only thing about this movie that was a - level were the cars .
the acting seemed forced and scripted , the premise was flimsy at best , and the plot was almost nonexistent .
i only really watched this movie to see how bad it was and , while it was pretty bad , it could have been worse .
and at least it was entertaining .
i just wish they had showed eddie griffin crashing the enzo somewhere in the movie .
all in all , do n't pay for it , do n't go out of your way to see it , but if it 's on showtime or hbo
and there is n't anything else on
, it 's a decent distraction .
i 've been going through the afi 's list of the top 100 comedies , and i must say that this is truly one of the worst .
not just of the 90 movies on the list i 've seen , but of any movie i 've ever seen .
drunks are funny sometimes , dudley is n't .
liza almost made it worthwhile , but alas ... just go watch arrested development if you want to see her in something good .
seriously , dudley laughing and drinking is supposed to be funny ?
i would highly recommend almost any other movie on the afi 's top 100 comedies for more laughs than this .
if you want to see a funnier " drunk " , try the thin man .
funnier movie in general , any marx brothers movie will kill ( especially if you 're as drunk as arthur ) .
i was watching this with one of my friends , who is a vampire freak , and i was extremely disgusted at the fact that this film exists .
this film should be shown to prisoners of war , yes , it 's that bad .
even john mccain would n't be able to sit through this .
so why the 3/10 rating ?
because it had a vampire midget .
come on , what 's more entertaining than a vampire midget ?
there 's one scene in this film where john savage gets laid by saying " i want to feel human again , " and the chick , being the brainless stripper slut she is , lets him " feel human " .
i wish i could " feel human " with jessica alba or megan fox .
this is a movie for stoners .
there is bright flashy objects and random movements .
all in all , do n't waste your money on this garbage .
i got it for free when i was walking down the street with my friend and we saw a garbage barrel full of video tapes and a sign that said " free " .
so , in a way , i did n't get ripped off , but still ...
david mamet is a very interesting and a very un - equal director .
his first movie ' house of games ' was the one i liked best , and it set a series of films with characters whose perspective of life changes as they get into complicated situations , and so does the perspective of the viewer .
so is ' homicide ' which from the title tries to set the mind of the viewer to the usual crime drama .
the principal characters are two cops , one jewish and one irish who deal with a racially charged area .
the murder of an old jewish shop owner who proves to be an ancient veteran of the israeli independence war triggers the jewish identity in the mind and heart of the jewish detective .
this is were the flaws of the film are the more obvious .
the process of awakening is theatrical and hard to believe , the group of jewish militants is operatic , and the way the detective eventually walks to the final violent confrontation is pathetic .
the end of the film itself is mamet - like smart , but disappoints from a human emotional perspective .
joe mantegna and william macy give strong performances , but the flaws of the story are too evident to be easily compensated .
the script for " scary movie 2 " just was n't ready to go .
this is a problem with the film that is blatantly evident , to the actors and the audience alike .
director keenan ivory wayans , and many of the actors are funny people ; and so the movie is n't completely humorless .
to their credit , the film has several funny moments .
but as a whole , " scary movie 2 " is not even close to being as clever and amusing as the original .
the first " scary movie " was a laugh a minute film .
it turned the smallest subtleties of the slasher film genre into comedic gold .
the humor in " scary movie 2 " is as heavy handed as it is un - original .
they even miss obvious opportunities for parody .
two of the movies stars are former cast members of " beverly hills 90210 , " and this was a show that was begging to be parodied !
in the final analysis , " scary movie 2 " is like a fine bottle of wine that was opened far too soon .
the script needed a lot more time to age .
2 stars out of 5 .
it seems like anybody can make a movie nowadays .
it 's like all you need is a camera , a group of people to be your cast and crew , a script , and a little money and walla
you have a movie .
problem is that talent is n't always part of this equation and often times these kind of low budget films turn out to be duds .
the video store shelves are filled with these so called films .
these are n't even guilty pleasures , they 're just a waste of celluloid that are better off forgotten .
troma entertainment is known for making trash cinema , but most of their films are b movie gold .
however , some of the films they 've put out they had nothing to do with making and some , like ' nightmare weekend , ' did n't deserve any form of release at all .
pros :
the cast members do the best they can with the lousy material .
some unintentional hilarity .
moves at a good pace ( should at 81 minutes).cons : awful writing , which includes putrid dialogue and countless plot holes .
poorly lit , especially the night scenes and the ending , which you ca n't make out at all .
does n't make a lick of sense .
badly scored .
cheap and very dated effects .
total lack of character development and you wo n't care about anybody .
this is supposed to be a horror film , but it 's lacking in that area and is n't the least bit scary .
nothing interesting or exciting happens .
loaded with unnecessary padding .
final thoughts : i never expected this to be some forgotten gem , but i never imagined it would be this bad .
i do n't know if it 's the worst film ever made , but it 's a definite contender .
troma should have let this film rot instead of giving it a release .
do n't make the same mistake i did and let your curiosity get the best of you .
my rating : 1/5
robert altman 's downbeat , new - fangled western from edmund naughton 's book " mccabe " was overlooked at the time of its release but in the past years has garnered a sterling critical following .
aside from a completely convincing boom - town scenario , the characters here do n't merit much interest , and the picture looks ( intentionally ) brackish and unappealing .
bearded warren beatty plays a turn - of - the - century entrepreneur who settles in struggling community on the outskirts of nowhere and helps organize the first brothel ; once the profits start coming in , beatty is naturally menaced by city toughs who want part of the action .
altman creates a solemn , wintry atmosphere for the movie which gives the audience a certain sense of time and place , but the action in this sorry little town is limited -- most of the story being made up of vignettes -- and altman 's pacing is deliberately slow .
there 's hardly a statement being made ( just the opposite , in fact ) and the languid actors stare at each other without much on their minds .
it 's a self - defeating picture , and yet , in an altman - quirky way , it wears defeat proudly .
* * from * * * *
i realize that living in the western plains of wyoming during the 1900s was brutal , in fact , it probably is still brutal today , but was it monumental enough to transform into a seemingly " made - for - tv " movie ?
also , women 's rights were still budding in this nation during this time , so to find an independent woman determined to start fresh in this harsh territory , and still show the realism of the era  
would it make for good viewing ?
honestly , i do n't know .
i have thought about this film for the past two days , and i still ca n't seem to muster the strength to say that it was a horrible film , yet i can truthfully tell you that it was n't the greatest i have ever seen .
from several hodgepodge styles of acting , to two mismatched actors playing devoid of emotion character , to some of the most gruesome pg rated scenes to ever come out of late 70s cinema , it is hard to fully get a good grasp on heartland .
was it good ?
was it bad ?
that may be up for you to view and decide yourself , but until then , here are moments i enjoyed and desperately hated !
this film continues to be a struggle in my mind because there were some very interesting scenes .
scenes where i was n't sure what the director was doing or which direction he was headed , but somehow still seemed to work well as a whole .
i thought the story as a whole was a very interesting , historical tale .
i do not know much about living in wyoming , especially during the early 1900s , so this film captured that image in my mind .
the thought of very cold winters , no neighbors for miles upon miles , and this polaroid - esquire view untouched by corporate america .
it was refreshing to witness and sheer breathtaking to experience ( though the television ) .
there were scenes that really stood out in my mind , like the cattle - branding scene , the pig slaughtering scene , and the saddening homesteader that did n't survive their journey , that just brought a true sense of realism to this story .
director richard pearce did a great job of bringing the view of wyoming to the viewers , but i am not sure he brought decent players to accompany the view .
while i will constantly compliment the scenery of this film , i had trouble coping with the actors that seemingly walked on the set and read their lines from cards on the side .
rip torn seemed out of place in his role as clyde stewart , a loner that somehow finds a connection with conchata ferrell 's elinore randall .
the two as actors have no chemistry at all .
their scenes that they share together are pointless and honestly void of any emotion .
the pregnancy scene nearly had me in stitches because of the way these two " veteran " actors portrayed it .
the brave elinore does what she has to do to get the child out of her , while clyde gives an approving nod when she is done .
this is love ?
was it supposed to be love ?
i do n't know , i think with stronger characters we would have seen a stronger bond , but with torn and ferrell , it felt like two actors just playing their parts .
other scenes that just seemed to struggle in my mind were ones like when the frozen horse " knocks " on the door for food or shelter , the constantly fading and growing compassion that clyde had for elinore 's daughter ( i just did n't believe it ) , the lack of true winter struggle , and the entire land scene .
the land scene especially because i needed more explanation on what elinore was doing
, why she was doing it , and why clyde would build her a house if they were married !
it was these simple events that if taken the time to explore , would have made for a stronger film .
overall , i will go middle of the road with this feature .
there were definitely elements that should have been explored deeper , such as the relationship between these two strangers and the ultimate homesteading goals of elinore , but they were countered with some beautiful scenes of our nation .
these panoramic scenes which , in the span of 100 years , have changes from vast mountains to enormous skyscrapers .
while there were some brilliant scenes of realism ( starring cattle and pigs ) , i just felt as if we needed more .
depth was a key element lacking in this film , which was overshadowed by marginal acting and a diminishing story .
pearce could have dove deeper into this untapped world , but instead left open loopholes and clichéd western characters .
ferrell carried her own , but torn was completely miscast .
decent for a viewing , but will not be picked up again by me .
grade :
of * * * * *
the premise of an african - american female scrooge in the modern , struggling city was inspired , but nothing else in this film is .
here , ms. scrooge is a miserly banker who takes advantage of the employees and customers in the largely poor and black neighborhood it inhabits .
there is no doubt about the good intentions of the people involved .
part of the problem is that story 's roots do n't translate well into the urban setting of this film , and the script fails to make the update work .
also , the constant message about sharing and giving is repeated so endlessly , the audience becomes tired of it well before the movie reaches its familiar end .
this is a message film that does n't know when to quit .
in the title role , the talented cicely tyson gives an overly uptight performance , and at times lines are difficult to understand .
the charles dickens novel has been adapted so many times , it 's a struggle to adapt it in a way that makes it fresh and relevant , in spite of its very relevant message .
this is going to be the most useless comment i have ever put down , but yet i must do it to warn you about the atrocity to cinema that " freddy 's dead " is .
it is not only the very worst chapter of the nightmare series , but is right up there with the worst horror sequel of all time !
it was boring , pointless , and nearly death free .
the horrible 3-d ending and over - the - top corny kills are enough to drive this " film " into the ground .
however , it does n't stop there , just add bad acting , a terrible script , and a number of cheesy cameos
and you 've got yourself this heaping pile of guano !
it 's no wonder why freddy , as always played by robert englund , has made two postmortem appearances .
i would too if i went out like that .
this is a strictly fans only movie , do n't stare at our shame .
a major disappointment .
this was one of the best uk crime drama / detective shows from the 90 's which developed the fascinating title character played by scotland 's robbie coltrane .
however this one - off has little to add and perhaps suffers from an inevitable let down due to raised expectations when a favored show returns after a long hiatus .
coltrane is n't really given much to do , much more attention is spent on the uninteresting killer , and in what he has to act in , he seems uninvolved , almost bored .
the ex - soldier 's story is written by the books and the attempt to update us on coltrane 's family life seems lightweight .
perhaps if the writers had a whole series in front of them instead of just this one two - hour show they would have written this with much more depth .
as is , skip this and watch the old cracker from the 90 's which is far far superior .
" rival reporters pat morgan ( ginger rogers ) and ted rand ( lyle talbot ) are always trying to out - scoop each other on stories .
the latest involves the mysterious death of a philanthropist who fell to his death after a shriek was heard from his penthouse apartment .
the two reporters start out as rivals but combine efforts to solve the crime and write the story when more residents of the apartment building turn up dead , " according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
this said - to - be follow - up to " the thirteenth guest " has little to do with the earlier movie ; it is not a sequel , as has been inferred .
ms. rogers continues to develop her skills .
mr. talbot adds a little humor to his characterization .
they are a pleasant team , the plot is interesting and mysterious ; but , the resulting film is very dull .
the opening and closing are startling .
a long - winded wrap - up of plot development points follows the climax .
a shriek in the night ( 1933 )
albert ray ~ ginger rogers , lyle talbot , harvey clark
i am not a big fan of rajnikant in the first place , but baba was a huge disappointment .
in between an awful storyline , the action and songs were only mediocre .
the storyline becomes very preachy .
instead of running for office like ntr or mgr , rajni almost appeared to be running as tamil nadu 's next big guru .
my wife tells me that since this film came out , rajni swore off doing any more movies!we were lucky initially to have bought babu ( an oldie by sivajiganeshan ) online by accident when trying to buy this one ....
that was a great film , which made up for having bought this dud ...
except it makes baba look even worse by comparison!bryan
i enjoy watching western films but this movie takes the biscuit .
the script and dialogue is laughable .
the acting was awful , where did they get them from ?
music was ok
i have to say .
luckily i did n't buy or rent the movie but its now disposed of .
i was geared up at the beginning when the stranger ( martin sheen ) started to tell his story .
i have to admit i did enjoy the confrontation between hopalong and tex where hopalong shot tex 's finger off and told him to practise for 40 years to reach his league .
but that s where it all went pear shaped thereafter .
i had to watch the whole film in the hope that it would get better , never did .
oh dear .
i was so disappointed that this movie was just a rip - off of japan 's ringu .
well , i guess the u.s. made their version of it as well , but at least it was an outright remake .
so , so sad .
i very much enjoy watching filipino movies and know some great things can come out of such a little country
, so i ca n't believe this had to happen .
claudine and kris are such big names there , surprised they would be affiliated with plagiarism .
to any aspiring movie makers out there in the philippines : you do not have to stoop this low to make money .
there are many movie buffs that are watching the movies filipinos put out and enjoying them !
do n't even waste your time , let alone pay rental for this piece of dreck !
how it got made is beyond me .
( i do n't know why there 's a minimum of 10 lines ... i 've already summarized this trashy movie , but ,
oh well ... )
the acting was awful , like they all needed lessons .
the plot was weak , the ending ...
i think the cinematography was the only thing that did n't totally suck ...
well , maybe the sound was minimalistically ok .
the one good thing is , if they could make this movie , even make some money with it , there may be hope for any screenwriter with a real idea .
so , you - all take heart !
i guess the same holds true of actors ...
if these people actually got paid , then you can , too !
this video guide was the masterpiece of the year 1995 .
beautifully done !
matthew perry and jennifer aniston have major on - screen chemistry when they talk about what the start button does .
i 'm waiting for microsoft to release a special edition dvd complete with deleted scenes , bill gates commentary , a documentary of how windows 95 compares to windows xp , and more!overall : 10/10 ( should have won at least a golden globe )
terrible use of scene cuts .
all continuity is lost , either by awful scripting or lethargic direction .
that villainous robot ...
musta been a jazz dancer ?
also , one of the worst sound tracks i 've ever heard ( monologues usually drowned out by music . )
and ... where 'd they get their props ?
that ship looks like a milk carton ...
i did better special effects on 8 mm at the age of 13!i'd
recommend any film student should watch this flick ( 5 minutes at a time ) so as to learn how not to produce a film .
or ... was it the editors '
fault?it 's really too bad , because the scenario was actually a good concept ...
just poorly executed all the way around .
( sorry malcom .
you should have sent a " stunt double " .
you 're too good an actor for such a stink - bomb . )
while watching this piece of crap !
the day after , i saw a 1min trailer - that one minute included all , all what was at least not boring to watch ...
so do n't waste money or time on this one , get the original
, it 's much better though the effects might not be up to date ...
the only reason i watched the movie till the end was the " hope " to see something interesting .
the movie is really bad and the performance of the girl it is really , really bad , honestly
, i am not a movie critic
neither an expert
but you just need common sense to notice that this work it is incredibly bad .
the first thing that came to my mind as soon as she started to talk was : " she has an affair with willem dafoe and he accepted to help her with the screenplay and appear in her movie since she is the brilliant director " ...
surprise , surprise , next day after i watched the film i found out on internet that giada colagrande is his wife .
awful story and terrible performance .
why ? ! !
this was an insipid , uninspired and embarrassing film .
the embarrassment comes from being from the city where they made it ...
pittsburgh pa !
why did they let these people do such a baaaaad movie there?when
this movie was originally to be released ...
it was more of a romantic comedy ... and no robo - anything .
that all got changed along with cuteness courtesy of disney .
why ? ?
they did a terrible interpretation of this classic comic character .
seeing matthew broderick make fun of his own movies was not fun either .
sheesh ! !
i remember going to see the movie in the summer of ' 78 with my parents , and being pretty into it at the time .
of course , i was seven at the time .
right before the jackson movies came out , my wife and i rented this movie since she had never seen it
and i was feeling nostalgic .
ralph bakshi ran out of money about mid - way through the animation process for this movie , and was forced to drastically cut corners on this production .
since this movie was done primarily with rotoscoping , the animation technique for people on a budget , this is saying something .
much of this movie is animation only in the very loosest sense of the word .
there are some scenes which are very obviously just people standing in front of a screen , with maybe some animation effects superimposed on top of them .
because of budget constraints , the movie -- already a compression of " the fellowship of the rings " and part of " the two towers " -- was pared down even more .
what you get is sort of like a film - strip version of the cliff notes of the books .
its not all bad , though , the animation brings a warmth to it , that i found lacking in the jackson movies .
its nice to imagine what it could have been like with decent funding .
this movie is also noteworthy for having the sequel which never came .
several years later , a half - hearted half - hour long tv special was aired , which was meant to wrap things up .
all i will say about that is that it was a musical .
in over 70 years of watching movies , this has to be one of the very worst comedies ever made .
mel brooks , mike meyers & a few other have made some very bad comedies , this however is the absolute bottom of the barrel .
it is unfunny from the very opening , to the tacked on scene during the credits .
diane keaton who i normally like must have needed her paycheck badly .
she desperately needs to re - learn her craft .
dax shepard
( i do not know who he is),needs a better director , to show him how to act .
liv tyler is also not up to her role .
mike white needs to find another character , he has done this same type person a few times too many .
ken howard who started out years back as a first rate actor , also not as good as he used to be .
there is nothing decent i can say on this attempt at movie comedy .
ratings :
* ( out of 4 ) points 25(out of 100 )
imdb 1 ( out of 10 )
quite honestly , the omega code is the worst movie i have seen in a very long time .
during the first 30 minutes i sat stunned in my seat , trying to decide if i should demand a refund .
but since i had n't paid to see it in the first place ( passes ) , i figured i might as well stay .
and i did n't think it could possibly get any worse .
it did .
i will quickly run through the low points ( includes some spoilers ) :
the horrible miscasting of casper van dien as gillen lane , a motivational speaker with two phds .
the characterization was inconsistent ; for example , lane , despite his credentials , is a complete nitwit .
then there 's the lame - o depiction of the fulfillment of the biblical prophecies ; we see a bunch of sensational news soundbites accompanied by ridiculous computer print outs of the translated biblical code .
also , terrible " action " sequences :
lane escapes from tough situations without explanation , and the one time lane actually does seem to be in danger , it turns out to be a dream sequence !
that 's cute for grammar school writing assignments , but it 's an inexcusable plot device in a motion picture .
the pacing was bad : after a long opener , the first third of the movie changes scenes every 90 seconds .
later , the pacing improves , but there is still far too much unnecessary jumping around .
and as someone else mentioned , years pass yet no one ( not even lane 's young daughter ) ages .
that was disconcerting .
there are a few good things , though .
the quality of the film ( e.g. lack of graininess ) is high and very attractive .
the outdoor shots were well done and the location shooting added a touch of realism .
also , there are a few moments in the last part of the film when lane calls on god ( finally ) to help him - this proved to be quite exhilarating - even to me , someone who does not accept jesus as a personal savior .
but i liked this because it struck me as being the only genuine scene in the movie .
unfortunately , it was followed by major incomprehensibility .
the characters , dialogue , direction and acting were all poorly done .
michael ironside had nothing to do , and michael york was just weird .
i think the producers wanted to do too much ; if the plot had been tighter and more focused , and the characterization more fleshed out , the film would have been far better .
in a nutshell , the omega code disappoints .
definitely do not pay to see this .
i give it
* * out of ten stars .
this has to be one of the worst movies of all time .
the graphics were horrendous , the acting was b - movie and the effects were just plain nintendo 64 qualified .
you would think that they would put a little more effort into it .
of course , it is a scifi channel movie
so you have to expect it to be low rate , but this one takes the cake .
hell , i 'm still laughing .
so , as a shake - your - head in disbelief movie , this one does well .
although it appears to have some ' known ' actors and actresses in this , it is difficult for me to believe that they did not realize that the quality of this movie was worth their time and effort .
the graphics might have been good in the ' 60 's or even early ' 70 's but come on , this is 2009 !
i wo nt give spoilers out , let 's just say that if you have played " jurassic park " on the nintendo 64
you will be very familiar with what you see in this filmit is definitely not worth the 2 hours it took to sit through the thing
i 've just visited russian forum of our tv - channel that had showed this film .
well ... 99 per cent of active russian audience is disappointed .
we wanted to see more true facts of our space achievements in this film .
but authors had in mind something else ... :(
we are big and beautiful country with intelligent people living here .
we are proud of all our space dreams , real achievements on the one hand in this field and in science on the other hand .
so i 'd like to ask authors : where is our lunohod ?
and where , the hell our mir station ?
i 'm quite sure , that lunohod events took place much earlier armstrong 's " walk on moon " .
and to comment numerous technical and science mistakes - i really have no time and enough space here !
se our constructive critics in russian forum on www.1tv.ru
first of all , i would just like to say to everyone who has seen this movie , that the actor who played the " transvestite " is one of my friends , his name is robert dugdale
, he 's a terrific actor ,
although it does n't say much about his filmography , he 's been in several plays and musicals .
he is currently residing in terrace b.c. that is where i am from , he comes over to our house almost every saturday
* laughs *
okay , now about the movie , i would n't recomend this to anyone who hasn't seen it , for it is not a movie worth watching ,
the main reason i found it to be a bad movie is it never stays in place , it keeps bouncing back between time , so kinda hard to follow at some points , and second , its really boring * laughs *
although the acting is great , the movie just does n't compare .
dysfunctional family goes home for the holidays and murder and mayhem result .
violent sexy milligan at his most home made .
little better than a home movie ( as much of milligans films are ) this is a trip into depravity 1960 's style .
notable for the copious nudity and sex
this film is neither sexy nor gruesome , playing now more as quaint.(though decidedly r rated ) .
the film suffers from its uneven cast and from the cheapness of the production.(no one was ever sure where the money went on his movies since he was always broke ) .
its a bad bad movie that s not worth seeing except as a milligan completeist or because its got some good looking people fooling around .
the john goodman program was pretty awful , but this thing just plain stinks .
the one and only thing in this mess that made me smile was recognizing the voice of patrick starfish as frosty .
the story is hopeless , written by somebody who has garbled memories of childhood rebelliousness but has never gained any adult sense of perspective in the intervening years .
paranoia rules the dark world that these characters inhabit .
everybody is unpleasant , and for no reason .
the plot is predictable but the show lurches from one inexplicable , unconnected scene to another in such a pointless way there is no fun in watching it .
the worst thing is nobody in the production crew seems to have ever seen snow !
this movie is pretty awful
but i have some interesting information about it : it was filmed in 1976 at northern arizona university in flagstaff , az , as well as at oak creek canyon near sedona , az .
a good bulk of the extras in the film are then - drama students from nau .
i was a freshman there that year , minoring in theatre , but for some reason i did n't get involved with the production .
i did however know several people who did and can supply this rather odd fact : there is a scene in this movie where two of the principals , as part of their hazing ritual , have to run naked into the woods .
they are seen from behind in the movie , doing just that .
the thing is , those are n't the actors at all but two guys i knew from the theatre department .
the identity of these " stunt posteriors " will remain anonymous , at least to this website , unless they decide to , um , " reveal " themselves !
" a death at a college campus appears to be a suicide but is actually a cover for murder .
the dead man 's roommate finds himself embroiled in a mystery as he tries to uncover the truth behind the young man 's murder .
twists and turns , as well as some false leads , makes this a tough case for our collegiate hero to solve , let alone ( keep ) out of the clutches of the killer , " according to the dvd sleeve 's synopsis .
the stars may be bigger than the movie .
handsome charles starrett ( as ken harris ) , who has a small " lingerie " scene , became one of the top western stars of the forties , peaking in " the return of the durango kid " ( 1945 ) .
the man playing his father , robert warwick ( as joseph harris ) , was one of the most respected actors of the teens , beginning with his performance in " alias jimmy valentine " ( 1915 ) .
watch out for red herrings .
* * * *
a shot in the dark ( 2/1/35 ) charles lamont ~
charles starrett , robert warwick , james bush
a killer , cannibal rapist is killed by a crazed cop on the scene of his latest murder .
at his grave a cult have gathered with plans to resurrect him by peeing onto the grave .
this of course works and he awakes ripping the guys penis off
and he is back into his old killing ways with an all new zombie look .
the two cops one of who is going a little crazy about the scum of the city and has a drug problem , are back on the case .
two of the original cult member also tries to stop the killer by resurrecting some other kind of dead thing .
thinking they have filed they leave but out from the grave comes a plastic baby doll that was used in the original resurrection .
sounds a bit confusing really
but no its just rubbish .
the acting is terrible and one of the cops is the same guy that plays dr vincent van gore in the faces of gore series and he is just as terrible as the annoying cop in this film .
the other cop just about struggles to get his terrible lines out .
now i 'm all for low budget cinema but this film is just terrible .
if it was n't for the very easy on the eye ladies and their nakedness i would probably have fallen asleep .
there is a bit of gore but it 's never more than some animal guts placed on the stomach of the victims .
the zombie makeup on the other hand looks great and his foot long penis that he uses to rape his victims with is kind of funny at times .
there is also a half decent scene where the killer falls in love with a sex doll .
the doll with the chipmunks voice is the stupidest thing i have ever seen in a film .
it is just a plastic toy on a fishing line .
the ending is extremely bad .
you would expect the killer to put up much more of a fight than he does .
god knows how they made enough money to make a sequel .
peter sellers ( one of my favorite actors ) is mildly amusing in this 1970 turkey , but the script is so lame and insulting that even goldie hawn 's youth ( just after her oscar win ) can not begin to pull this one out of the mud .
as a skirt - chasing celeb in his 40 's , sellers mostly embarrasses himself to the nth degree .
a 3 out of 10 .
best performance = ?
nicky henson plays a young study type .
i hope hawn and sellers were paid well , because i see no other reason for tripe like this in 1970 ( a very good year for films - catch-22 , m.a.s.h. , husbands , joe , wusa , five easy pieces and many others ) .
you ca n't win them all !
alex d. linz replaces macaulay culkin as the central figure in the third movie in the home alone empire .
four industrial spies acquire a missile guidance system computer chip and smuggle it through an airport inside a remote controlled toy car .
because of baggage confusion , grouchy mrs. hess ( marian seldes ) gets the car .
she gives it to her neighbor , alex ( linz ) , just before the spies turn up .
the spies rent a house in order to burglarize each house in the neighborhood until they locate the car .
home alone with the chicken pox , alex calls 911 each time he spots a theft in progress , but the spies always manage to elude the police while alex is accused of making prank calls .
the spies finally turn their attentions toward alex , unaware that he has rigged devices to cleverly booby - trap his entire house .
home alone 3 was n't horrible , but probably should n't have been made , you ca n't just replace macauley culkin , joe pesci , or daniel stern .
home alone 3 had some funny parts , but i do n't like when characters are changed in a movie series , view at own risk .
i think micheal ironsides acting career must be over , if he has to star in this sort of low budge crap .
surely he could do better than waste his time in this rubbish .
this movie could be far better , if it had a good budget , but it shows repeatedly through - out the movie .
there is one scene at a outpost , which looks like , its outside the front of a railway station , and i bet it was .
there is one scene which made give this movie a 3 , and it shows the space craft landing and taking off over a lake , surrounded by forests .
this was well done , but the rest of the movie , forget it .
there is another scene , which looks like a engineering plant , which i bet it , and does not look like a space outpost as the character say it is .
this movie is stupid , has a serious low budget , makes no sense and god help micheal ironsides .
this movie was made for people who found gremlins too serious and critters to hardcore .
like many of the critters / trolls / gremlins movies of the 80 's this movie is bad .
the sad part is that there 's no punchline to that comment .
it 's just bad and not in a funny way .
the problem with this miniature monster movie is that it actually tries to be funny and ends up being as successful in doing that as howie mandell was in walk like a man .
what made the other 80 's horror movies into classics was that they were genuinely trying to be scary , but were hilarious because they failed so miserably .
someone must have told bettina hirsch ( yes the bettina hirsch)she had a knack for comedy before she started directing this movie .
unfortunately they were wrong .
sure seeing a weird little mutated cross between a ferret and a tumor wearing a brown trenchcoat and throwing pool balls at an outcast from the lost boys is amusing , but not enough to save the movie .
by far the most annoying part of the movie is the paul character .
his paul reiser wannabe schtick is enough to make you start fast forwarding from the time of his first scene until the ending credits only stopping once to see a scene where a munchie throws pool balls at a guy ...
not that i did that .
so the bottom line is run , do n't walk , to your nearest blockbuster and shake hands with the manager and thank him for not having the grapes to stock this pile of garbage on the shelves .
some have praised _ atlantis:_the_lost_empire _ as a disney adventure for adults .
i do n't think so -- at least not for thinking adults .
this script suggests a beginning as a live - action movie , that struck someone as the type of crap you can not sell to adults anymore .
the " crack staff " of many older adventure movies has been done well before , ( think _ the dirty dozen _ ) but _ atlantis _ represents one of the worse films in that motif .
the characters are weak .
even the background that each member trots out seems stock and awkward at best .
an md / medicine man , a tomboy mechanic whose father always wanted sons , if we have not at least seen these before , we have seen mix - and - match quirks before .
the story about how one companion , vinny played by don novello ( fr . guido sarducci ) , went from flower stores to demolitions totally unconvincing .
only the main character , milo thatch , a young atlantis - obsessed academic voiced by michael j. fox , has any depth to him .
milo 's search for atlantis continues that of his grandfather who raised him .
the opening scene shows a much younger milo giddily perched on a knee , as his grandfather places his pith helmet on his head .
and while the characters were thin at best , the best part about _ atlantis _ was the voice talent .
perhaps milo 's depth is no thicker than fox 's charm .
commander rourke loses nothing being voiced by james garner .
although rourke is a pretty stock military type , garner shows his ability to breath life into characters simply by his delivery .
garner 's vocal performance is the high point .
i 'm sorry to say leonard nimoy 's dying king is nothing more than obligatory .
additionally , don novello as the demolition expert , vinny santorini , was also notable for one or two well - done , funny lines -- but i 've always liked father guido sarducci , anyway .
also well done was the computer animation .
the background animation , that is .
the character animation has not been this bad for disney since the minimalism that drove don bluth out the door .
the character animation does nothing if not make already flat characters appear even flatter .
aside from landscapes , buildings and vehicles there is n't much to impress .
the plot was the worst .
some say hackneyed or trite .
i 'm not so sure about that .
any serviceable plot can be made into something new with the proper treatment .
shakespeare often started from a known story and plot and was famous only for putting on a new coat of paint .
so the treatment is the thing .
and _ atlantis _ obviously lacks that .
i can not begin to go into all the logic gaps without a spoiler section .
the plot was bad .
the plot 's bridges snap like twine and the ending does not make sense .
to add to that , the script and the animation is peppered with annoying sloppiness .
* * spoilers
* * 1 .
right at the beginning when milo reveals that runic or celtic symbols have been wrongly transliterated and the " coast of ireland " should read the " coast of iceland " , we begin to have problems .
the writers of the script would need to know the british take for eire or eireann as " ireland " , and completely ignore the older , latin term hibernia .
but more than this , they need to know of the vikings conspiracy to call the greener island iceland and the icier island greenland .
by making it the matter of a mis - tranliterated " letter " , the writers have doomed themselves to requiring a runic version of english and a post - roman date on the script .
since this is long after atlantis was supposed to have sunk into its undersea cave .
and without visible clues and less technology than milo had , made the inscription far less trustworthy.2 .
the shepard 's journal could not be written before the sinking of atlantis , or it would know nothing about the cave or the crystal lying " in the king 's eye " .
it must have been written after the sinking , but without even the technology that milo 's expedition had , how the heck did anybody get by the leviathan .
so how could it know more about anything after that ?
and why would it be written in atlantian ?
automatic writing and clairvoyance or astral travel can explain these things .
however clairvoyance and astral travel do not require the shepard to write in atlantian .
so it 's got to be some sort automatic writing .
since noone left in atlantis can read , it must be the spirits of the crystal beaming messages to the surface .
this would have made more sense .
but could also have been explained within the movie : milo could have discovered that this power had been calling him all his life -- appeared in dreams , etc .
this needed to be explored in the movie.3 .
the atlantians should simply not be able to comprehend modern languages .
no - one expects that the original indo - europeans would be able to converse in europe , anymore than romans would understand that hard " c"s or their day became french " ch"s
( pronounced like " sh"s , no less!)4 .
current atlantians were alive before the cataclysm -- when apparently they * could * read , yet now are unable to read what they used to , or operate similar machinery .
the mass illiteracy points out a crucial flaw in the movie .
nothing seems to have happened to this culture .
it seems suspended in air until milo can rescue it .
even though it appears that life is not a constant struggle for survival , no - one wants to compose poetry or write novels and perhaps it is a combination of atlantian school systems going downhill toward the end and lack of good fiction that caused atlantis to fall into illiteracy.5 .
kida can be excused for not knowing how to read or operate the machinery if she was so young when the cataclysm of stupidity set in --
but any of it
* * hardly
* * qualifies her father for deification ! !
kashakim 's foolishness almost single - handedly wiped his people from existence .
killed a bunch in the cataclysm , stalled progress ( not a lot killed here , but he oversaw a massive slide in culture and progress ) until someone could take the crystal to kill everybody , if they were n't boiled in lava first because the giant robots were n't there to protect them .
a bolt of blue electricity should have shattered kashakim 's likeness , when kida tried joining her father 's image to the circle of great kings of atlantis !
even though milo was the only one who could read atlantian , rourke and others knew enough to look through a book of gibberish and find a page on a crystal -- which he knew to be a crystal and not some stylized astrological or " phases of the sun " diagram.7 .
if milo 's grandfather had told rourke about it , it still does not explain what how rourke would have suffered from milo 's reading it as part of the book .
ripping out the page -- which was dog - eared in rourke 's hand , even though milo found no sign of a torn page in the book apparently -- only was there to tip off the viewer that " something was not quite right " .
unless the word " crystal " would have set alarms off in milo 's head that somebody would try to steal it , milo would have suspected nothing .
it 's just thick - headed foreshadowing.8 .
the crew 's " double - cross " was not a character change .
we learned that vinny , sweet , audrey and cookie had been going along with rourke from the beginning .
however , the " change of heart " falls flat .
it was a change , and needed to be better motivated .
hard to do with characters who were n't given anything to begin with.9 .
niggling little bit that the lava flows up over the dome , instead of filling in the rest of the area that we view the sequence from .
it 's liquid ; it will not flow over the protective dome until it fills up all lower areas.10 .
the ending stinks!-- and makes no sense other than to appease political correctness .
with it 's powersource restored , atlantis is no longer a weak power , needing coddling .
the giant robot guardians and the sky - cycles shooting blue lightning suggest that they have less to fear from us than they might .
the technology is superior to ours , and definitely to early 20th - century .
in the end milo needs to teach the atlantians to read , for what ?
the whole idea is to leave their little quiet , chastened culture alone , not to send it into hyperdrive .
* * end spoilers
perhaps , the lost world plot and the turn - of - the - century setting should give me a hint that this is more an homage to pulps .
the failures i find with the film agree with this idea .
but i am at a loss why i should pay to see thin characters and plot holes simply because many dime novels had them as well .
and pulp stories is part of the " crap they ca n't sell adults anymore " , anyway .
we have become a bit more sophisticated and our pulp needs to grow up as well .
raiders of the lost ark lost none of its pulp feel and avoided so much badness.4 out of 10 - -the movie is enjoyable but as i think about the plot , it seeps ever lower .
this film has a special place in my heart as the worst movie i have ever seen .
it is about as fun as doing hard manual labor with stomach cramps .
the movie starts out bad ( i would rate the first few minutes of the film a 1/10 ) and then it get progressively worse , minute by minute .
the only way to rate it at all would be some kind of abyssmal spiraling negative number that grows for ninety , long minutes .
unfunny is not a real word but it best describes the humor in this video .
somehow the video manages even to make cute , scantily clad females and sex look grotesque and distasteful .
this movie is amazingly bad .
i would say it would be better to be locked up with the titanic theme playing over and over and with buscemi 's character from escape from la droning on in your ear than to watch this movie .
the sequels are not nearly as bad .
if you have to rent a troma film , get tromeo and juliette or combat shock .
i would rather watch 5 tony little infomercials back to back than to see class of nukem high again .
do n't get me wrong , it took some kind of criminal genius to make a movie this terrible and if ever a movie deserved an award for being awful , this is it .
a young boy comes into a lot of money and promptly begins to live it up .
unfortunately , the man whose money it really is happens to be very bad .
he wants his loot back .
when he discovers who has the bucks , he begins trying to get it back .
he keeps getting foiled by this little kid who is just lucky enough to keep from falling into the evil man 's hands .
sounds familiar , i 'll bet .
very predictable , not interesting at all .
come up with something a bit different , ok guys ?
star rating :
* * * * *
the works
* * * *
just misses the mark
little bit in between
* * lagging behind
* the pits in this debut effort for nick park 's beloved man and dog , they are forced to fly to the moon when good old wallace runs out of cheese .
as well as being the shortest feature at just 22 minutes , this w / g adventure is also the earliest and it kinda shows .
the plasticine animation is a little creaky and funny here , sort of reminiscent of the mork animation about the little man in the box .
admirable though the craftsmanship behind it is , i 've never actually been hugely into wallace & gromit ( maybe a bit too clean and traditional for someone of my generation . )
the only one i 've really enjoyed is the wrong trousers ( and that was more from when i was younger and less aware of , shall we say , the seedier pleasures of life . )
i was driven to actively seek out this early effort due to the resurgence in popularity as a result of the hugely successful recent film adaptation .
as technically impressive as the first two ( all things considered ! )
this one lacks the emotional angle
it 's successors
were to possess .
that being said , it 's fairly good fun as a first try and certainly set the standard for greater things to come .
two stars , but a good two stars .
boy this movie had me fooled .
i honestly thought it would be a campy horror film with absolutely no humor in it whatsoever , boy i got the cold shoulder that time .
this movie was , and i 'm truthful , pretty damn good .
it was not scary at all but the campiness and the sly humor really mad this movie interesting .
some to the horrible acting and cliché killings were so painful to watch , i almost laughed at how bad it was , but to some extent i enjoyed it .
the killings all vaguely relate to snow sports and christmas , which made things more intriguing .
the pov camera angles were awesome .
the movie is about a viscous killer who dies in a car accident collision with a chemical truck while being transported to prison .
he is later resurrected in that very same chemical with snow spliced into the mixture .
these were the ingredients chosen to make the perfect killer snowman .
he than takes his revenge , as the snowman , on the police officer who convicted him .
this movie had such bad acting , with the exception of christopher allport , that is was funny .
i will say that i am also pretty disappointed that this movie was not a horror , but in fact a dark sitcom .
they had a great story with a good plot
but it was n't executed right .
all in all i like the movie at first
but now it is really annoying .
but this movie is way better and darker than the sequel .
like many others have commented before me here , i have to say that this movie is bad , but not the worst i 've seen .
there will be no direct references to movie plots or sequences in this comment , because i hate spoilers .
i got a feeling i was watching an episode of a tv show or something , where they had gotten a hold of some extra $ $ $ to spend on cgi ( i 've seen worse of those ) ...
all in all , it is quite an insult to the viewer , at least if you have any knowledge about computers and/or technology at all .
there are just too many of these moments of insults to make me feel comfortable , and i found myself just begging for it all to end - fast - halfway through .
in addition , there are countless " easy way out " scenarios , which also is an insult to your intelligence as a thinking human being ...
this movie absolutely fades in comparison to the old " wargames " , and i think it 's a damn shame they even got to call it a sequel .
two stars from me , because of one thing and one thing only : the actors ' performances are n't half - bad , considering the regurgitated crap of a script they had to work with .
still , they should never have signed on to this movie .
not really a career - move , but i guess we all have bills to pay .
to those of you who gave this movie top score ... you have to be on the studio 's payroll or something , that 's my only explanation .
to all who have n't seen this one : by all means , watch it and make up your own mind .
but lower your expectations to the floor ( and then some ) .
my friends usually can put up with a lot of hopeless movies but this one was too poor for us to even watch it to the end .
it was just so boring and unoriginal .
not even the " hot " girls that starred in this movie could keep me watching .
everything was just predicable and annoying .
the acting was at times good .....
but more times bad .
the most annoying character in the whole movie that you just wanted to die would have to be the main characters best friend .
the more i saw him the more i wanted to smash my screen .
( you know what fat ugly kid
i 'm talking
about)the plot has been done so many times before i think they should be sued by other movie companies .
ok , it is a good idea but
that s all this movie had .
overall this movie can only be watched if by your self , to save any abuse from your friends .
or , if you have absolutely nothing better to do .
a wonderful television mini - series completely ruined by a 45-year old woman trying desperately to pass herself off as a 16-year old ingenue !
no exaggeration - that 's the actual age of the character played by ali macgraw when the film opens just prior to the surprise attack at pearl harbor .
this tv mini - series really is the most classic example of the title of this post and one i refer to whenever the topic comes up .
that alone makes this completely unwatchable , despite the fact it 's one of the best filmed wwii ' global ' dramas tv has ever produced .
if you have the stomach - or a decent fast - forward ability - you might be able to enjoy the late robert mitchum in a very strong performance .
i 'm stunned at some of the comments referring to the love story ( pun intended ) .
did they watch the film with their eyes closed ?
or are they aging boomers who never cease to amaze me with their " selective memories " and " selective vision " .
i 'm a boomer myself
so do n't think for a second
i 'm some hubristic young punk .
45 will always look 45 .
get used to it .
deal with it .
age gracefully damnit .
the winds of war could have been ... so good .
how much more would we be talking about this mini - series today , some 25 years later , had an actual ingenue been cast in such an important & critical role ?
right now , with the constant haggard old biddy distraction , that alone cancels out most of the wonderful aspects of the winds of war .
the movie itself is not too bad ; many comments have pointed out the obvious flaws of the script , but it is watchable .
what really gives me the creeps though is that people like justin timberlake even get cast for movies , and on top of that for movies like this one .
i have to admit i had never heard the man 's name before watching this , but the very instant
he appeared i was just plain annoyed .
the voice is crap , the face is a bad rip - off of legolas , the posture is horrible , and he can not even properly coordinate all three of them .
said to say , i was delighted when he got jumped after leaving the disco , because i was hoping from then on it would be morgan freeman and kevin spacey only .
too bad i was wrong .
these two and also ll cool j give a very decent performance , and they are the main reason i give this a 4 .
i see many upcoming movies with the little timberlake cast ... and can not believe it .
i was very disappointed with this film .
i expected more of a thelma and louise female - buddy crime movie .
instead , the women prison escapees in this flick , had no sense of loyalty to one another .
they were an extremely vulgar pack of hyenas , who beat each other up , double - crossed each other , and even committed lesbian rape against other women in the film .
instead of being shrewed thieves , who stuck together to plan their escape and find the hidden stash of money , the women escapees were too selfish and vicious , to trust each other for long .
these women were n't liberated in a positive sense .
they just ended up being a bunch of loose - cannons , incapable of respect for themselves , or each other .
if you like 70s female crime caper films , skip this bomb , and see the great texas dynamite chase , which stars claudia jennings and jocelyn jones .
i like billy crystal , and i thought it would be fun to watch this film , since i know he admired alan king and they would be funny together .
i thought i had seen all billy 's movies but could n't remember this one ,
and now i know why .
it 's so full of clichés and phony emotion ; you can smell each scene coming ( and going ! ) .
billy does n't even get to be funny very often .
he 's too busy trying to cry fake tears or show his angst at how badly his father let him down .
alan king himself is fairly likable , as is the subplot about being an extra in the movies .
but what a coincidence that billy just happens to visit his father just as a major health crisis takes place , etc .
or that two busy doctors can just shut down their practices to moon around in la .
and when the end comes , boy , does it come quickly !
almost as though the writers realized they had painted themselves into a corner and the only way out was to do a death scene .
mostly disappointing with a few glimmers of good humor .
let me start off by saying that this does n't seem or feel like a movie .
it seems like just another tv show about popular girls and boys with no real film language top back it up .
the camera angles are so straight forward that the story is told the simplest way possible never making the public connect with it .
this film takes us to where no movie i 've seen has done before : to a realm where the film theater becomes a warm medium giving the public every element of interpretation .
too obvious .
the large movie screen is only used as an enlarged tv from where we can see every attribute of these women in a larger than life manner .
lately it seems that young directors are compromising the art of film making for sales .
this is very scary .
the industry is spoiling the art in movies .
we must educate ourselves and our children about what cinematography and its language are really about .
not just sales and entertainment , but a way to communicate feelings , passions and even culture .
not as a launching platform for young divas and jocks .
mmm , does n't a big stack of pancakes sound good ?
maple syrup and fruit preserves on top .
take a bite .
mmmmmmm .
take another bite .
another .
another .
eat it , you ! ! !
keep shoveling it down your throat until your face turns green with nausea .
you have just had the ally mcbeal experience .
i stumbled on this show in the winter of ' 98 and was instantly hooked .
like that stack of pancakes , i gorged myself on it .
but the enjoyment soon wore off , because the ally mcbeal character ( whom we see to be cute & endearing at first sight ) soon becomes the most annoying , insecure , whining complainer you 've ever met .
( call me a feminist , but i prefer my female leads to have a spine . )
the gags & gimmicks of the show also become hackneyed , the music of vonda shepherd ( which is really shoved in your face ) becomes grating , and the incessant character changes & rewrites make the show into a damn soap opera .
my advice to you is to take this show in small doses , and quit as soon as it becomes bothersome ( and it will ) .
i made it through 2.5 seasons before my enjoyment had totally soured .
it was good while it lasted , but like a crazy , neurotic ex - girlfriend it just turned ugly after it had overstayed its welcome .
and next time you go to ihop , skip the pancakes .
order something healthy like the fruit cup .
it 'll sit with you much better .
olivier gruner stars as jacques a foreign exchange college student who takes on and single handedly wipes out a mexican street gang in this obnoxious and racist film which is so horrible that it 's laughable .
bad acting , bad plot and bad fight choreography make angel town a turkey .
yuck !
and again i say ...
yuck !
the original version of this movie was a well directed story of a man who was already dead and driving through purgatory .
the original movie had a lot to say and did n't go out of its way to say it .
and , it had a naked chick on a motorcycle .
this version strikes me as something that a producer bought the rights to and then abandoned out of disinterest .
it looks as if a group of individuals consciously decided to fit it to the nineties and changed ethnicities and genders just to be cute .
the movie is not about a burnout about to commit suicide in a last act of defiance .
it is about a man trying to get to a hospital to see his wife .
there was no reason for this movie to have been made other than to make me angry ...
i mean seriously what group would sing about a crazy car ?
so what if their ten
, it 's way too immature for a little kid to sing about " being my women " i mean seriously !
the name is pretty corny too , naked brothers ?
just because they take off their pants ? ? ?
how creative.i do n't get why they need a tv show
i mean most artist do n't really need a tv show about themselves , especially the naked brothers band .
heck how many of them are in the freaking group .
and seriously what s with the movie ?
jeez nick use to be the hightlight of my years growing up but
seriously the naked brother band ?
so many parents would not let their kids watch this especially with the name the naked brother 's band , its a stupid , uncreative show that should not be aired onto tv .
i can not believe the same guy directed this crap and dracula 2000 .
dracula 2000 was innovative , fresh , and well written , if poorly acted .
this pile ca n't even claim that .
it starts with the defeat of dracula at the end of dracula 2000 .
then ignores the narrative afterwards describing what happened after that .
following the narrative properly could have made this a good sequel somehow , but craven chose to go in the style of his older films , having no good tie but the main villain 's name .
even the actor playing dracula was different ( going from dark hair in dracula 2000 to a blonde here).avoid this movie if you have any respect for your taste in movies .
i believe that war films should try to convey the terror of war , avoid idealism and respect some rudimentary military principles .
zvezda barely does the first .
zvezda being a russian war film , i was expecting patriotism , sentimentality , beautiful poetic pictures , a lush score , slavic cheekbones and cruel germans .
what i did n't need was the naive love non - affair ,
the unrealistically silly war scenes and the abuse of the syrupy soundtrack in a film which avoided carefully all historical or political references ( stalinism , nazism , holocaust ) only to end on a passing but nonetheless insulting to our sense of history endnote about " liberating poland " .
a missed opportunity as a film but not as propaganda apparently .
i can not see why filmmakers remade this movie .
the 1972 movie with mcqueen and mcgraw is almost a classic .
steve mcqueen was an outstanding actor and baldwin is only an inadequate actor .
he has no passion in his play .
also the action in the original " getaway " was fantastic .
but the remake has no action !
it is almost boring despite the fact that the film - making in 1972 was more difficult than in 1994 .
i do n't understand the way that baldwin imprisoned from mexico .
i think this is a mistake in the story .
so i think that there was no need to remake it , or if they decided to remake a classic , they must choose an excellent actor for the first role , like johnny depp or brad pitt ...
okay , i 've always been a fan of batman .
i loved the animated series , and even batman beyond .
i even read a batman comic now and then .
so as can be imagined -- i was a little excited when i heard about this series , and then i was severely disappointed .
this series is nothing .
it does n't even begin to compare with the original series .
it 's like one long toy commercial .
no depth whatsoever .
and what the heck was with the joker ?
who , in my most humble opinion , is the best batman villain of all time
and they killed him .
i wish i could say his design was the worst part .
actually , i wish i could say there was anything about this series that was remotely creative or interesting .
in short ( because believe me i could say so much more)do not waste your time on this show , or your money .
there 's only one thing i 'm going to say about cat in the hat ... as a kids movie and a good comedy movie it sucks ...
i lost track of how many terrible jokes in the movie that not only sucked but were n't exactly kid appropriate .
oh and by the way the way the cat in the hat talked was annoying ... as for the plot i completely forgot .
who cares it sucked anyway .
i 'm not sure why mike myers joined
but i think the writers were trying to make it sound like him in austin powers without the swinger talk
and it overly succeeded-
but so what it was annoying .
do n't see it - it belongs in the bottom 100 ..............................
the jokes are so unkiddy
it 's funny
we saw this on the shelf at the local video store , saw " coppola " in the credits and got excited .
that was the one and only time this movie raised any interest .
i could never quite work out if it was an attempt at a humourous film that failed miserably , or an attempt at a serious film that failed miserably .
in general , the entire production seemed incredibly amatuerish .
the sound in particular was absolutely dreadful , especially in the scenes shot in the little bar ; the dialogue was so corny in parts
it was unbelievable .
very disappointing .
first i liked that movie .
it seemed to me a nice comedy with some silly moments .
the costume designer albert wolsky did his best ! ! !
the same as wonderful set decorator robert r. benton - this man really had a very good taste ! ! !
but the script writers disappointed me extremely .
the best ending would be the scene on the ladder , but instead of it , they decided that the father and his daughter should be together .
do n't like the ending .
the father becomes boyfriend of his own daughter and his ex - wife knows about it and finds it alright .
it would be ok , if the scriptwriters would for example say that now there is a different soul in the body , but they did not , they only deprived him of memories .
the actors were good , they were really funny .
cybill shepherd was charming , robert downey jr. was very funny in the dancing scene : ) ) ) ...
but some of the moments spoil even the impression of good acting .
for example , corinne jeffries , played by cybill shepherd after the death of her husband was waiting for him 23 years ( it 's a long time ! )
, she was true to him , she loved nobody but him , and when she met him and was just about making love to him , after a scene with her friend philip train ( ryan o'neal ) , she very easily betrayed the man she was longing for so many years ! ! !
it would be a good movie , if not the ending and some missed human psychology .
this might be the worst film ever made , and is possibly worth seeing for that reason alone .
streisand is laughably unbelievable as a young woman posing as a man in order to study judaism .
the soundtrack is torturous , featuring barbara belting out some of the weakest blather ever put to film .
and do n't even get me started on the plot .
you will actually get more chuckles out of this film than many comedies because it is soooooooo terrible .
the rampant ego of streisand , thinking she could somehow raise this stinker to oscar heights , led to this disaster .
i 'm pretty sure the novelist , isaac bashevis singer , hated this film and never forgave streisand .
i ca n't blame him .
this movie is like watching a car wreck in slow motion for two hours with the soundtrack of ' the sound of music ' being played backwards on an old turntable .
it 's truly that bad .
i 'm amazed that anyone from streisand enjoyed this movie on the level that it was intended .
the main reason people still care about " carlton - browne of the f.o. " is that it features peter sellers in a second - billed role .
but watching this film to see peter sellers is a mistake .
sellers plays amphibulos , a vaguely reptilian prime minister of the dirt - poor island nation of gaillardia , formerly a british colony , now hosting a lot of russian diggers during the height of the cold war .
amphibulos wants to play both u.k. and soviet interests against each other for easy profit , " everything very friendly and all our cards under the table " .
terry - thomas is the title character , a lazy british diplomat anxious to show gaillardia that great britain has n't forgotten them , all appearances to the contrary .
a positive review here says : " the reason this movie is considered average is because the comedy is understated .
" i would argue that the reason " carlton - browne " is considered below average is because the comedy is non - existent .
after a decent opening that establishes the film 's only two strengths , a sympathetically doltish terry - thomas and john addison 's full - on larky score , things quickly slow down into a series of slow burns and lame miscommunication jokes .
the low opinion of carlton - browne by his boss and the obscurity of gaillardia ( which no one can find on a map ) is milked to death .
by the time we actually reach the island ( after a labored series of airsick jokes ) , expectations are quite low .
they're still too high , though .
the island itself , which seems to exist either in latin america or the mediterranean , is so pathetic its honor guard faints at the airport , and the review stand falls apart in the middle of a parade .
the army is apparently still horse drawn , allowing for another lame aural gag by a thick - accented announcer : " in war , the army uses many horse .
"sellers never quite takes center stage even when we 're on his character 's island .
the plot is taken over instead by ian bannen as king loris , who inherits the throne of gaillardia after his father 's assassination .
bannen is dull and plays his part as straight as it is written .
normally this would make him the likely target for scene - stealing by sellers , but trapped behind a thick accent and greasy moustache , sellers is only a threat to those of us who remember him far more happily in two other films made this same year , " the mouse that roared " and
" i 'm all right , jack . "strange
that this film , like " jack " , was a boulting brothers production , with roy boulting here serving as co - director alongside jeffrey dell .
usually boulting films combine wicked social satire with anything - goes comedy , but here there are only fey jabs in either direction .
amphibulos works his mangled - english vibe for all its worth ( " this man is like , how do you say , the bull in the chinese ship " ) while carlton - browne is generally ragged on by his superior far more than he seems to deserve .
the weakest and most protracted element of the film is young loris 's romance with ilyena .
score one point for her being played by ravishing luciana paluzzi , dock one for the fact that they are apparently cousins is never addressed .
the film winds up with a lamely staged revolution whose surprise resolution will surprise no one , and a final bit of action by carlton - browne that would seem to nail the lid on his coffin literally .
apparently he lives to see another day , but the film of the same name is strictly doa .
everybody who wants to be an editor should watch this movie !
it shows you about every mistake not to do in editing a movie !
my grandma could have done better than that !
but that 's not the only reason why this movie is really bad !
( it 's actually so bad that i 'm not able to write a sentence without exclamation mark ! )
if the first episode of les visiteurs ' was a quite good familial comedy with funny jokes and cult dialogues , this sequel is copying badly the receipe of the first one .
the funny parts could be counted on one hand and maybe half of it .
clavier is over - acting his role even more than in the first part , robin is trying to act like lemercier ( because she 's replacing her )
but that 's grotesque ' .
lemercier is lemercier , robin is robin !
even if muriel robin can be funny by herself on stage , she is not in this movie because she 's not acting as she used to act .
i know that it should be hard to replace somebody who was good in a role ( lemercier obtained a césar award for her role in the first movie ) but she made a big mistake : instead of playing her role , she played lemercier playing her role ' !
as for the story , it 's just too much !
of course we knew at he end of the first movie that there would be a sequel but poiré and clavier should hae tried to write a more simple story like the first episode .
the gags are repetitive , childish and déjà - vu .
no , really , there 's no more than 3 funny parts in this .
the only good things might be the costumes and some special effects .
so you have only 2 reasons to watch it
: 1 ) if you want to learn how to edit awfully a movie , 2 ) if you want to waste your time or if you really need a brainless moment ' !
this norwegian movie is so crap , the actors can not act cause they seems to be reading from a book and
the story is so ( wannabe ) hollywood ..
the only actor who did a ok job was haavard lilleheie ..
if you want a really good norwegian movie watch buddy , great actors and a feelgood story 9/10
i honestly want the last 30 minuets of my life back .
the only person that is fit to watch this movie is helen keller i kept saying to myself this has to get better this has to get better .
then the zombies finally showed up and they had some raccoon paint on there eyes .
they talked like regular people .
one drove a car .
some voodoo woman asked what one of the " zombies " wanted and the " zombie " said ( i want to dance )
( that was it )
out came the movie i could n't take it any longer
can i sue for a ½ hour of my life ? ? ? ? ?
disappointing , predictable film in which a woman ( mc teer ) travels with her daughter from state to state because she ca n't maintain relationships and find happiness .
in this genre ' anywhere
but here ' starring susan sarandon and natalie portman
gave a much better insight into a mother / daughter relationship .
with better acting as well .
i saw this " hot " movie when it came out in 1986 .
it had a x rating for a brief scene involving oral sex but played in mainstream theatres ( it was an " art " film ) .
supposedly it 's the first film to ever show a respected actress in an explicit sex scene .
what i saw was a boring tale about a high school boy ( federico pitzalis ) in love ( understandably ) with an older woman ( maruschka detmers ) .
as has been mentioned before detmers is very beautiful with a good body
but she also gave a very good performance .
pitzalis was ( to put it mildly ) pretty poor .
it 's no wonder he never made another movie .
still , despite the infamous sex scene ( which is explicit but pretty brief ) , this a slow moving dull story which bored me silly .
the good acting by detmers only helped to a certain point .
mostly i was looking at my watch waiting patiently for it to end .
if it did n't have that sequence this movie would have been forgotten long ago .
dull and slow .
you can skip this one .
this movie is truly awful .
after seeing the advertisement for it , i thought it could have its charms ...
but it didn't .
the girls can not act , and they can not sing either .
the soundtrack to this movie is full of their songs , and its not a pretty sight , terrible story line , unbelievable plot , its one of disney 's worst movies by far ! .
ally is not a bad actress on " phil of the future " , so i do n't know what happened in " cow belles " .
and her sister , aj , seems to be just hitching a ride on her sisters " fame " , and she displays no talent what so ever .
at the end of the movie the girls do finally learn some cliché morals , but this is to late to rescue this train wreck movie .
in 1993 , " the visitors " was an enormous hit in france .
so , the sequence was inevitable and unfortunately , this sequence ranks among the worst ones ever made .
this is a movie that does n't keep its promises .
indeed , it 's supposed to tell a sole story .
jean reno must go in the twentieth century and take christian clavier back in the middle ages so that time can normally follow its course .
the problem is that clavier feels completely at ease in the world of the twentieth century , and so make him get back in the middles ages is rather hard ...
instead of this , the movie goes on several other stories without succeeding in following the main plot .
as a consequence , the movie becomes sometimes muddle - headed , sometimes a bit of a mess .
but the movie also suffers from the performance of nearly all the actors .
reno and clavier fall into the trap that however they could avoid in the first movie
: they 're going over the top and become annoying .
then , why did jean - marie poiré
the film - maker engage muriel robin in the female main role ?
he made a mistake because she seems ill - at - ease and is absolutely pitiful .
the other actors are n't better : marie - anne chazel is nonexistent and christian bujeau , unbearable .
of course , the movie contains a few good moments with efficient gags but it often falls into vulgarity and easiness .
certain sequences and dialogs are affected .
it also appears hollow because poiré takes back elements that secured the success of the first movie .
thus , a young girl takes reno for a close relative of her family and asks him to take part in her wedding .
a labored and disappointing follow - up .
anyway , what 's the interest of this movie otherwise commercial ?
as a long - time fan of all the star trek series , i found this a disappointing episode , and i wonder if the liberal use of " flashbacks " featuring will riker 's exploits , both positive ( and largely romantic ) and negative ( lots of pain , and a crewmate 's death)was a money - saving device , as were many of their " bottle shows " ( episodes in which all scenes take place on the enterprise ) .
diana muldaur(who also appeared at least twice on the original series ) deserved a better final appearance than this for her character , dr. kate pulaski .
loyal viewers ( in the star trek world , is there any other kind ? )
also were shortchanged .
this was the last episode of second season ; thus , the season ended " not with a bang " but with " a whimper . "
" this story is dedicated to women , " according to the introduction , " who have been fighting for their rights ever since adam and eve started the loose - leaf system .
" when " politics " was filmed , the nineteenth amendment , guaranteeing women the right to vote , was only a decade old .
and , the film deals with the wielding of political power by women as a voting group .
advocating prohibition , and shutting down speakeasies , was a main concern for women at the time .
good - natured marie dressler ( as hattie burns ) becomes politically active , after a young woman is shot and killed coming out of a speakeasy .
she wants the liquor - selling joints closed ; and , is drafted into a mayoral run , after delivering a powerful speech at a women 's rally .
ms. dressler is supported by her tenants , best friend polly moran ( as ivy higgins ) and her stuttering husband roscoe ates ( as peter higgins ) .
dressler 's run for mayor of lake city draws opposition from men in town ; so , dressler orders the women to go on strike , denying them , " everything " in the " parlor , bedroom , and bath .
" the film sounds much better than it turned out .
the humor , frankly , is n't too good ; and , it features some unfunny and moderately offensive situations ( " you look like madame queen
" refers to an amos and andy character ) .
and , the mixing of shootings and slapstick does n't mix well , this time .
producers might have considered making the film more dramatic , focusing exclusively on dressler and the characters played by william bakewell ( as benny emerson ) and karen morley ( as myrtle burns ) .
* * * *
politics ( 7/25/31 )
charles reisner ~ marie dressler , polly moran , roscoe ates
this is one of the most atrocious rewrites i 've ever viewed .
if they want to make a movie with a lousy story , they should refrain from giving it a title of a fine book .
there is hardly a relation between wolfe 's book and this movie other than the title .
i do n't mind changes if they help a story flow on screen .
at least the changes should n't hurt the final product .
the last scene in the movie is painfully unconvincing .
the actors are miscast .
the director and/or screen writer obviously could not decide whether to make a lame comedy or preach an unconvincing sermon .
if you 've seen this movie and disliked it , try the book .
if you 've seen this movie and liked it , read the book .
the king is dead long live the king !
the triad of caddie shack
two , the family underneath the stairs , and troop beverly hills had been tied for worst movie ever for so long that they seemed icons in their own right .
but there is a new king .....
yep .....
all hail the new king ....
"down to earth " .
but some things , like tiny tim for example , are so bad they are good .
some day this could take out the inimitable " rocky horror picture show " as a cult film .
so go see this ....
this ....
well just take my word for it .
go see it .
all hail the new king !
higher learning says its ok for blacks to torment white people because they 're all oppressors .
most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages .
stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race .
incompetent acting , direction , and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick .
an appalling piece of trash .
the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed .
higher learning says its ok for blacks to torment white people because they 're all oppressors .
most blacks in this movie are portrayed as ignorant savages .
stunning that this is supposed to be a positive movie about race .
incompetent acting , direction , and production values all contribute to this toothache of a flick .
an appalling piece of trash .
the perpetrators of this dreck should be ashamed .
... but the trouble of this production is that it 's very far from a good musical .
granted , one ca n't always expect the witty masters like sondheim or bernstein or porter ; yet the music of this piece makes even andrew lloyd webber look witty .
it 's deadly dull and uninventive ( with one or two exceptions ) and just after i watched it i could n't recall a single significant melody - which is rather tragic coming from someone who learned the whole another hundred people from three listenings .
it is also strangely un - theatrical .
it takes place on an incredibly large stage ( one really has to feel sorry for those people in front rows who broke their necks in order to see something happening 50 meters on the right or 100 meters on the left ) and does absolutely nothing with it .
when there 's supposed to be one person singing on - stage , that 's just what you get - and the rest of the enormeous stage is empty .
for me as an aspiring theatre director it was almost painful to watch .
the fact remains , cole porter seems to have captured the french culture in his works better than these no - talents can ever come close to .
and i 'm puzzled by the popularity of this would - be - legendary musical .
# # # spoilers !
what is this movie offering ?
out of control editing and cinematography that matches up with a terrible plot .
it is sad to see denzel washington 's talents go wasted in trashes like this .
we are certainly hinted how the mexicans can not save themselves , outside forces needed , possibly militaristic , american ones .
and we know the father is a shady character , he is a mexican after all , unlike the wife who appreciates creasey more because he is american .
he killed all of them thinking she died .
and did she ?
of course , she wo n't , she is a young kid and you are not supposed to hurt the sensibilities of the hollywood fan .
the trade off scene was the only thing that prevents me from rating it below the " implausibly successful"(as some critic pointed out)'taken ' .
the nausea of such movies will take time to go .
it is in the rating of such movies that we have to doubt imdb 's credulity.7.7 for a movie like this and 7.0 for my own private idaho .
go figure !
mine will be in the range of 3.5 - 4.0
the only saving grace of this movie is that it serves as the 0 end of the movie rating scale .
now if i see a movie that really stinks
i say this movie was a real pecker .
i believe this movie is a perfect example of christina ricci 's one dimensional acting .
horrible
van dien must cringe with embarrassment at the memory of this ludicrously poor film , as indeed must every single individual involved .
to be honest i am rather embarrassed to admit i watched it from start to finish .
production values are somewhere between the original series of ' crossroads ' and ' prisoner cell block h ' .
most five year olds would be able to come up with more realistic dialogue and a more plausible plot .
as for the acting performances , if you can imagine the most rubbish porno you have ever seen - one of those ones where the action is padded out with some interminable ' story ' to explain how some pouting old peroxide blonde boiler has come to be getting spit - roasted by a couple of blokes with moustaches - you will have some idea of the standard of acting in ' maiden voyage ' .
worse still , you ca n't even fast forward to the sex scenes , because there are n't any .
an appallingly dreadful film .
wonderful actors .
lousy script and not too great direction either .
my main problem was i simply did n't care about any of these people .
not the killer not the victims .
the settings were pretty drab .
dennis quaid 's character was so poorly written in , i did n't even care when the end came .
he got his kid back .
big deal !
i wanted my money back .
i have just lost three hours of my life to this travesty , and i can honestly say i feel violated .
i had read the reviews and heard the warnings , and i thought i was prepared for anything -
at best i thought , a faithful ( if misguided ) attempt at an original adaptation ; at worst , a so - good - it's - bad " plan 9 " for the new millennium .
so when i managed to pick up a copy in walmart while in florida and brought it back to the uk , i joked to my friends
" prepare for the worst movie ever made ! "
oh , cruel karma .
there is absolutely nothing to recommend this film .
the " special " effects look like the work of a first year design student using a spectrum zx81 .
the acting is terrible , the accents are worse than terrible ( one artillery mans ' accent seems to take us on a tour of the british isles , from scotland to wales via northern ireland ) , the dialogue is stilted , the editing is non - existent , the production values prove that no expense has been gone to .
words really can not describe how bad this movie is ; from the union flag flying from the horribly cgi'd thunderchild ( the royal navy flies the white ensign , not the union flag ) to the woodworm ridden acting , this is quite simply a crime against film making .
when you consider some of the literally - zero - budget fan films that are available on the ' net ( the star wars short " troops " for example ) , the whole " we 're enthusiastic amateurs " argument goes right out of the window .
and if you believe an interview with hines on the pendragon website , this film had an 8 figure budget !
i can only assume that dodgy facial hair does not come cheap in the us .
maybe the problem is that hines & co tried to make a film of the book , rather than turn the book into a film ( if that makes any sense ) .
characters and extras spout chunks of text verbatim without trying to convey the feelings behind the words .
ironically enough , the only person who even came close to giving a decent performance was darlene sellers , the ex - soft porn actress .
my advice ?
pray like crazy that jeff wayne does n't screw up , and go watch the spielberg version .
it may not be true to the text of the book , but i can say this ; as a lifelong hg wells fan ( and englishman as well )
speilbergs film is true to the spirit of the book .
maybe customs were wrong to let me carry this monster into the country , but i will say this : timothy hines stole three hours of my life , and i want them back .
i can say without a shadow of a doubt that going overboard is the single worst film i have ever seen , and yes , i have seen cujo .
adam sandler is an abomination as schecky moskowitz , a wannabe comedian working on a cruise liner .
that 's the plot .
that 's it !
nothing else in the film makes sense , it 's all over the place like a mad man 's breakfast , and not in a wacky naked gun kind of way , but more of a frustrating , ' throw both shoes at the t.v ' kind of way .
even general noriega makes an appearance , for no reason i can comprehend ( it certainly was n't for humour ) .
add to the mix miss australia , who has the worst australian accent i 've ever heared , and you have something which i wo n't call the worst film ever made , because going overboard does n't even fit the basic definition of a film .
i highly recomend seeing this film , as it will elevate the standing of every bad film you ever see .
i guarantee the first thing you 'll say after seeing a bad film will be "
at least it was n't as bad as going overboard " .
i stole this movie when i was a freshmen in college .
i 've tried to watch it three times , the second two because friends wanted to see it . "
sweet , adam sandler , i 've never heard of this movie , but since he 's so funny its got ta be funny .
wrong !
i ca n't make myself watch this pile of crap after the dream boxing match / insult war , where burning the guy with a good zinger causes your opponent physical pain .
you would think that terrible comedy hurting you is ridiculous , but after watching this you 'll know its true .
this movie is n't worth the price i paid for it .
i 've watched a ton of steven segal movies , and i 've even watched crossroads twice ...
but i still could n't watch this .
ll cool j performed much better in this movie that i expected !
he did a fabulous job acting as a " renegade " cop within a " renegade " department .
from the very beginning , he does a great job of building viewer empathy for his character and the predicament he 's in .
he acts as a sort of " gentle giant " -- a person whose rough exterior can scare anybody , yet whose heart is clearly in the right place from the very start -- and he does an amazing job .
he was quite clearly the best character in the movie .
this was certainly a performance that will not win morgan freeman any awards .
after starring in powerhouse films like the shawshank redemption this film was certainly a step down .
his role in edison simply did not allow him to show his true talents as an actor -- and in terms of the conglomeration of characters placed him sadly on a back burner .
there are so many ways his character ( moses ashford ) could have taken a more pivotal role .
that he did n't was disappointing and a true let - down .
i was hoping to see more from him in this film .
timberlake ought to have stayed in the music industry .
his portrayal of a young journalist was poorly acted and unpersuasive .
this movie is a typical action movie that ( at least initially ) bears some resemblance to corrupt police affairs la has experienced in the past .
being an action movie , it has its share of shoot - em - up scenes , blood , and guts .
these scenes are typically unrealistic and painfully predictable .
watching the beginning of the movie there is very little suspense as to what will happen at the end -- think of what you would typically expect in a good - cops / bad - cops conflict -- and it bears little resemblance to a real police shoot - out .
what irked me most was the way timberlake 's character behaved during shoot - out scenes .
he starts out having guns and not using them .
then when he finally gets around to using one he fires it as if he 's been firing a gun his whole life .
then he runs out of bullets and does n't have a gun -- and 30 seconds later , without moving or anything --
suddenly has 2 more fully loaded guns and extra ammo ? !
little plot errors like this really ruined the movie for me .
if what you are looking for is a blatantly fictional plot in a fantasy world where everything turns out
okay , then you 'll probably love this movie .
personally , it does n't matter to me what kind of movie it is as long as it is realistic .
make me believe that the story is true .
this story was so obviously fictional in so many aspects that i came away feeling unsatisfied .
i have always admired susan sarandon for her integrity and honesty in her private life as well as her talents as an actor .
i therefor found it strange that she would appear in a film that so distorted that facts .
her character 's rescue from the south pole was done by a canadian charter company from edmonton , alberta flying a canadian designed and built twin otter aircraft .
the trip had been turned down by the us airforce , navy and coast guard as beyond their capabilities .
the same company staged a similar rescue a few years later to bring out a man from the south pole base .
i feel that the film fairly represented a very gripping subject and documented a very courageous woman facing a frightening task .
i fail to see why the producers would find it necessary ignore the bravery of the rescue pilots and show the rescue plane as a usaf hercules .
john candy .
need we say more ?
he is the main reason you should see this film .
most people do n't realize how gifted he was as an actor .
witness him changing from poor slob to horny jerk .
just a simple(subtle ) facial change and off we go .
there are many great bits in this movie and many really dumb bits .
the best moments for me are the kung fu u scenes as well as the great moment when john(in a trance ) goes up on stage and talks about how much he loves his girlfriend -
that is how much he and his genitals love his girlfriend .
i 'm sure reading this
you might think this sequence sounds really crude .
it is , but it is also very funny mainly because it is john candy doing this bit .
the story in general is pretty lame and eugene levy and joe flaherty(both sctv alumni with candy ) are not given enough to do in the film .
levy has his moments , especially filming the wedding at the end(think rod serling ) and the great scene when he is talking to his mother on the phone .
overall a good movie if you have had a tough day and need to put your brain on stupid .
i give this one 4 out of 10 .
i 'm among millions who consider themselves cary grant fans , but i ca n't think of a single reason to recommend this movie .
i do n't understand the casting of betsy drake and it appears no one else did , if we 're to judge from the small number of films in which she played afterwards .
most fans will agree that katharine hepburn was superb at chasing and catching cary grant in bringing up baby .
here the director or writers try to rehash the idea , but it fails miserably .
i've read comments about how " creepy " drake was , but i thought that was far too mild a description .
franchot tone walked through this one as if he were hungover .
a casting disaster is one thing .
this film is a total disaster .
this one does n't deserve 10 lines of comments and i do n't know why that 's a requirement .
too bad this one was preserved when so many worthwhile films lie rotting in vaults .
unless you want to torture someone , give this one a wide berth .
i hate how this movie has absolutely no creative input .
i know they 're going for realism , but to be frank
i just do n't want realism .
realism is boring .
if i want to see daily life , i 'll uhm , live .
tell me an interesting story and we 'll talk .
i can deal with the low production values , hell
i 'm a sucker for low production values , but at least work in some good ideas .
the direction only goes as far as grabbing a camcorder and walking around a bit , but obviously i 'm supposed to dig that because it makes stuff so much more realistic .
hitchcock used to say drama was essentially life with the dull bits cut out .
i can only conclude this is not drama , not by a long shot .
we get to see rosetta walking to someplace , rosetta working in a bakery , rosetta eating a waffle , rosetta carrying around bags of far , rosetta walking back home , rosetta walking someplace ...
it 's just not that entertaining .
there is n't really a deeper meaning either .
i got so bored i started looking for some reflections on life in this movie
but it 's just plain realism , the most overrated quality in the business .
i guess i 'm supposed to love this , but come on , there 's nothing in there .
hello .
i am paul raddick , a.k.a . panic attack of wtaf , channel 29 in philadelphia .
let me tell you about this god awful movie that powered on adam sandler 's film career but was digitized after a short time .
going overboard is about an aspiring comedian played by sandler who gets a job on a cruise ship and fails ...
or so i thought .
sandler encounters babes that like history of the world part 1 and rebound .
the babes were supposed to be engaged , but , actually , they get executed by sawtooth , the meanest cannibal the world has ever known .
adam sandler fared bad in going overboard , but fared better in big daddy , billy madison , and jen leone 's favorite , 50 first dates .
man , drew barrymore was one hot chick .
spanglish is red hot , going overboard
ai n't dooley squat !
end of file .
here be spoilers
recap : mia ( helin ) is returning home from capital stockholm to rural rättvik to celebrate her fathers 70th birthday .
she is by far the youngest child , and has two sisters eivor ( ernst ) and gunilla ( petrén ) .
eivor has a family and still lives in rättvik and gunilla has divorced and moved a town away .
mia is still single and is focused on her career .
there are a lot of jealousy and almost animosity between the sisters and conflicts arise all around as they confront each other and each have personal problems they have difficult to handle .
as the party goes on ( and alcohol consumed ) , more and more secrets become unveiled and more and more conflicts arise ...
comments : to be the work of a new writer / director it was disappointing to see this movie to follow in the exact same tracks that older swedish comedy / dramas has been following for years .
there are really no new elements or ideas .
this movie draws upon three basic areas .
embarrassing humor only based on characters making a fool of themselves .
2 ) sorrow and 3 ) anxiety .
this move has the focus on the last one , almost forgetting the first point as the movie goes along .
no loss though , since the humor that is there is not funny .
the performances from the cast are good i guess , though it is lost behind all the anguish and soon forgotten .
i had hopes that there would be new ideas and influences , but there were none .
to conclude , there are better ways to spend one 's time than watching this.3/10
i must say that during my childhood i 'm quite proud of a lot of the movies i 've rented .
the exception being theodore rex .
talk about the all time swindler movie in any actor 's resume .
could you just imagine what whoopie 's fired agent must have told her to sign on to this piece of crap " hey whoop , you ever seen that show dinosaurs ,
well they 're making a movie out of it , and you get to see germany ! "
after that that agent must have referenced star wars a lot .
this movie was so bad i figured whoopie must have bought out every copy of this film and had it destroyed .
i just wish she could have done the same thing to my memory , because my sister still gives me crap for watching that movie .
i mean c'm on , i 'll even admit i watched mr. nanny and kazzam in theaters (
good reasons why i gave up on both hulk hogan and shaq for awhile ) , yet this one sticks out in my mind as the worst of my childhood , and the biggest rental regret of my life , and that was 16 years ago .
i 'm 24 now if you want to do the math .
whenever i think of my all - time list of worst movies i do n't even mention this one , because like a raped step - child , i try hard to repress that it ever happened .
screw you whoopie , just be glad people only acknowledge eddie and sister act 2 as your worst you lucky stiff .
twist endings can be really cool in a movie .
it 's especially interesting when the twist is right in front of our eyes , but we just do n't pay attention .
those type of twist endings are the one 's that make people think .
then we 've got twists like this film has .
twists that , whether or not you pay attention , you have no clue what 's going to happen .
when they reveal this kind of random twist , instead of shock , it 's somewhat a dumbfounded reaction .
this film starts off like it 's going to be an interesting take on horror , but after about 20 minutes , it 's nothing but boring dialogue and a stupid twist .
three young women are going to a concert , so they get lost traveling through the woods , and hit a tree trunk .
they end up at some old creepy lady 's house , who hates men , and they are greeted by her homely daughter marion ( laurel munson ) .
strange goings on happen as these girls stay at this house for several days instead of trying to leave or get home , and the suspense progresses into a dumb slasher .
this film is too caught up in it 's dialogue , and it 's always between only a few characters .
we have the main three girls , the creepy spinster and the old lady , and conversation of any importance does not go beyond these five .
to make matters worse , they never have anything interesting to say .
it 's actually quite maddening sitting through their conversations .
we want to know what 's going on , and instead they just talk and talk and talk ( about nothing).plot holes are abundant here .
the house these girls stay at when they get in their car accident is apparently three miles from anywhere ...
wow , three miles !
a two hour or less walk will kill them .
why did n't they get a ride with the worker for this household who was driving into town ?
did he have a one seater ?
how come these girls never question leaving and just willingly stay , rarely even checking up on each other ?
why did this have to have so many dumb twists ?
maybe the answers are in the boring script .
having a slasher film with five characters is really a bad idea .
it 's not thrilling , it 's not scary , and the ending is definitely out there , but undoubtedly dumb .
my rating : * 1/2 out of
* * * * .
79 mins .
r for nudity and violence .
do not be suckered into renting this movie .
it has nothing to do with an escape from death row , despite the ( english ) title .
i ca n't think of a single good thing to say about the movie .
poor acting , poor editing , poor directing ... laughable " plot " , and the sound / music was so irritating , it 's a wonder this movie does n't come with a warning label .
the only possible way to sit through this movie and enjoy it is for it 's historical cheesiness quality .
they just do n't make films this bad anymore .
to confess having fantasies about brad pitt is a pretty tough admission for an heterosexual to make .
but what can i tell you ?
maybe is that famous extra something that everybody talks about and makes a star a star .
it crosses that barrier .
it pulls you into unknown sensual and emotional territory .
brando had it in spades , montgomery clift , gary cooper , james dean of course and in more recent times , tom cruise , jude law , johnny depp , ewan mcgregor and billy crudup .
women fell in love with garbo , dietrich , katharine and audrey hepburn , grace kelly , marilyn monroe , julie christie , charlotte rampling , meryl streep , vanessa redgrave , julia roberts and very very recently natalie portman .
but brad pitt has , singlehandedly , redefined the concept .
he is the only reason to go out , get in the car , find parking , buy a ticket , popcorn and get into a theatre to see " troy "
if you liked epics in the " jupiter 's darling " style you may enjoy this .
but if you do n't , go all the same , we want to keep brad pitt in business .
this is probably the first entry in the " lance o'leary / nurse keat " detective series ; in subsequent o'leary films , he was played by much younger actors than guy kibbee .
a group of relatives ( all played by well - known character actors ) gathers in an old house ( on a rainy nite , of course ! )
to speak to a wealthy relative , who goes into a coma .
while they wait for him to recover , all sorts of mysterious goings - on happen , including a couple of murders .
a creepy film ; worth seeing !
... for the lt to have chosen this one .
first , the film was n't horrible , it was just hollywood .
worst case
i - need - this - to - happen - or - we - have - no - movie scenario :
if willis ' mission was to save the doctor , but she was adamant that her " people " make it out of the missionary , he would have put her on that first chopper and marched those refugees to the border without her .
he would not have compromised his package for the refugees .
that 's not how it works .
but , as i pointed out , this is hollywood , we must have drama .
this is why we make movies , because reality is n't quite so complicated .
however , i did think that willis and the good doctor had workable chemistry .
that said , there are also some well done battle scenes in the film .
it 's not a waste of time ,
" tears of the sun " is worth the dvd rental fee .
check it out on a rainy day and you 'll be satisfied .
the storyline was okay .
akshay kumar was good as always and that was the only good thing about the movie .
kareena kapoor looked bad .
there was so hue and cry over her size zero
but she did not looked good leaner .
i do n't know why the hell did anil kapoor accepted such a bad role .
there was nothing much to do for him in the movie .
just because it is a yashraj film does not means that an actor should accept the role however bad it is .
said ali khan was alright .
i think that it is high time that indian directors and producers start thinking of indian customers as intelligent lot .
what are we ?
fools ! ! !
what do they think , they will show 2 men taking on a swat squad to teeters and we will believe them .
is the indian police so stupid that they are trying to nab some criminals ....
they take an entire squad of 100 + policemen and no one was there to surround the palace .
the action was crap
and i have never seen such bad action .
akshay kumar was between a circle of 30 - 40 policemen all shooting at him .....
and he shooting back at them .
none of the policemen 's bullet touched him but he killed all the policemen .
crap .
crap.i think the fight director who thought of this scene should take retirement .
i strongly recommend not to see this movie .
it was a decent movie , i actually kind of enjoyed it .
but the ending is so abrupt ! !
there is absolutely no closure and it leaves tons of loose ends .
what happens after the concert ?
what happens with her boyfriend ?
does she hook up with grant ?
does she come beck in the next semester ?
and what about angela ?
obviously holly 's performance would knock angela down a few pegs , but nothing is shown to indicate how she reacts .
there is so much left up in the air
and it 's very unsatisfying .
i do n't know if it is trying to leave room for a sequel or something , but it is a terrible ending
and i think that it really makes the movie a joke .
i was very disappointed .
this is n't a bad movie ...
but it 's the type your girlfriend makes you watch .
the story is n't bad ....
it just makes the hour and a half seem so long .
it 's hard for me to trash this movie because i really do like the idea of it
but it was just to long and thin on story ... too bad .
the main character never really seems to change all that much from beginning to end .
i mean goes through something " life changing " and he can barely break a smile .
i really thought mac was really good .
his weird quirkiness kept the movie from being a complete disaster .
maybe i just do n't " get " this film .
if anyone can explain it to me
i 'd love to be informed .
this film is something like a sequel of " white zombie " , since it is made by the same man ( halperin ) and features zombies .
halperin , the george a. romero of his day , fails to deliver with this one , though .
we have a man who can control the minds of people in cambodia , and a search to destroy the source of his power so the zombies can be sent free .
also , a love interest for the evil man .
where this film really excels is in the imagery .
the cambodian temples and dancers are very nice and the zombie look very powerful in their large numbers .
unfortunately , we do n't really get to see much of the zombies in action and the love story seems to play a much too large role for a horror film ( though this has a valid plot reason later on).i would have loved to see some 1930s zombies attack helpless city folk , but this film just did not deliver .
and no strong villain ( like bela lugosi ) was waiting to do battle against our heroes .
and the use of lugosi 's eyes ?
a nice effect , but misleading as he is never in the film ... why not recreate this with the new actor 's eyes ?
overall , a film that could be a great one with a little script re - working and could someday be a powerful remake ( especially if they keep it in the same post - war time frame ) .
heck , if they can fix up " the hills have eyes " then this film has hope .
i 've seen my share of woody allen 's movies , and while they 're not always great , you can usually be sure you 're going to be entertained .
probably the last really good ones were bullets over broadway ( ' 94 ) and mighty aphrodite ( ' 95 ) - since then the ones i 've seen have been patchy but watchable .
and so when i was invited to see the new woody allen movie melinda and melinda , which i was n't even aware had been released yet , i went along happily .
i had n't really heard much about it
so i hoped i would be pleasantly surprised .
what i got was definitely the worst woody allen movie i 've seen .
the premise is over - explained , the cast is terrible , the script is slow and lifeless .
too many scenes said nothing and yet were stretched out , i assume to fill out what would have otherwise become a 15 minute short film .
i do n't mind the concept behind this film -
two directors discuss how a simple situation could be interpreted as a comedy or a tragedy , and obviously the film proceeds to show us that , by playing out both scenarios .
the problem is neither of these ' two films ' are any good at all .
the comedy is n't funny and the tragedy is n't very tragic .
it seems like allen came up with a good idea but then ran out of steam , or time , to actually complete the film .
the general level of acting is notably bad also -
will ferrell is the only one who brings anything to the table , and it 's basically a woody allen impression .
previously good actors like chloe sevigny just come off as annoying , and the worst of the bunch is radha mitchell as melinda ( which is a shame , because her character is in nearly every scene!).to be fair to the actors , the script they are working with is lacking if not non - existent .
definitely a long way from the allen we know and love from classics like manhattan or annie hall .
stupid !
stupid !
stupid !
i can not stand ben stiller anymore .
how this man is allowed to still make movies is beyond me .
i ca n't understand how this happens if i performed at work the way he acts in a movie i 'd get fired
and i own the company .....
i would have to fire myself .
this movie was just a plain , steaming , stinking pile of poo , that needs to be vapoorized if that were possible .
something else i have to say the guideline about 10 lines of text in a comment is idiotic .
what is wrong with just saying a few things about a movie ?
i will never understand why sites will require a short novel written when sometimes a brief comment is all that is necessary .
i want so badly to give this piece of garbage a zero , unfortunately , there is n't , so , i had to give it a 1 just to warn you about how stupidly terrible this imposter of a familiar cartoon really is !
the characters look like they were drawn by pre - schoolers , no , wait
, i 've seen pre - schoolers do better !
i prefer " misadventures of flapjack " to this terrible excuse for a cartoon !
i 'm probably saying what others have said , two words : rip off ! !
remember that episode of dexter 's lab when they raced go - karts down that volcano ?
yeah ,
mister fellows even cashed in on that idea and failed !
they even ripped off shadow lugia in that one episode that parodied pokemon!(he even cashed in on that franchise ! )
that one character is a cheap rip off of mandark from dexter 's lab !
mister fellows needs to be sued for statutory infringement for this piece of crap ! !
everyone has their own opinion , but those of you who like johnny ( rip - off ) test , your'e just lying to yourselves .
do yourself a favor , change the channel when this rip off tries to disgrace your screen !
like a latter day ayn rand , bigelow is la major muy macho in her depiction in the film of a few tough american hombres stuck in iraq defusing roadside bombs set by the ruthless , relentless , child - killing arab terrorists .
as bigelow posits the iraq war as the backdrop of the grand stage of human drama , one veteran bomb expert gets blown up and another shows up to replace him in the dusty , hot , ugly rubble that is iraq , and a new hero is born .
the new guy is what john hershey described in his book , and later the movie , the war lover , as a sadistic wingnut who actually is n't fit for civilian life , and requires the stimulation of war to sublimate and suppress his errant sexual desires .
the war lover can only fully function in war , peacetime suffocates him .
while hershey chastised the war lover , ( played in the film by steve mcqueen in one of his greatest roles )
bigelow glorifies him .
the army needs war lovers , they are the bulwark of defense against our enemies .
we ca n't handle the truth , that it is war lovers who are the best soldiers , the toughest men .
according to the unironic bigelow , regular men are pussies , the war lover is a special breed , the last of the cowboys .
so what if he wants to bare - back his men , or fondle an iraqi boy ?
he is a throwback to the sex - and - death cult of war .
in war , sex is a thankless , loveless , don't - ask , don't - tell kind of male bonding .
bigelow has no opinion on this ; she just limits the options of masculinity in this ham - fisted attempt at realism .
only a war - lover can win the moral struggle between right and wrong , between american innocence and arab perfidy .
bigelow disguises her racism and arrogance behind the ingenuous facade of journalism .
she 's just another gung - ho yahoo depicting a brutal war against civilians as a moral triumph of the spirit .
on the political front , bigelow returns to the western genre and its relentless clichés again and again , ad nauseam : the wonderful world of the open frontier , which happens to be some one else 's country .
( " you can shoot people here " says a soldier ) ; the tough but human black guy companion , the soldier with a premonition of death , the gruff , possibly crazy commanding officer , the college - educated fool who tries to befriend the enemy .
you name it , bigelow resurrects it .
the man - boy love is palpable in scenes with the cute arab boy who befriends the war lover , but bigelow plays it straight ; she does n't consummate the sex , just sanitizes it .
what bigelow really wants to show us is the ugly , sneering face of the arab enemy .
any iraqi who is n't pure evil is either demented , hostile or up to no good , anyway .
they all deserve to die for their impudence , and many of them do in this glib gore - fest film .
the iraqi women are all hysterical , they only make their presence known by screaming .
they could be male stunt men in drag for all i know , you never see their faces .
there is no female presence at all on base or in battle , although female casualty rates in iraq would certainly disprove this .
bigelow goes through all the motions one by one .
she glorifies war , she canonizes the sadist nut - case hero .
the cowboys , surrounded by the subhuman indians , prove their mettle by doing god 's work and subduing the wretched terrorist - infested hellhole with sheer bravado and suicidal mania .
toward the end , i felt like rooting for the indians .
in bigelow 's world , though , no mercy or understanding ever makes it through .
the iraqis are dehumanized par excellence .
the slaughter of civilians is just the dramatic backdrop to our hero 's psycho sexual struggle .
every u.s , bullet finds its mark .
you have to love the guy , the war lover .
it 's just his way , he is the true hero .
he 's just a guy trying to get things done the hard way , and
so what if he lusts for boy tang on the side .
they have sex with melons in asia.okay .
first , i doubted that , but after seeing the wayward cloud , i changed my mind and was finally convinced that they have sex with watermelons , with people dead or alive .
no safe sex of course .
the ( terrifyingly ugly )
leading man shoots it all into the lady 's mouth after he did the dead lady .
never heard of hiv ?
guess not.the rest of this movie is mainly boring , but also incredibly revolting .
as a matter of fact , in parts it got so disgusting
i could n't take my virgin eyes off .
sex with dead people !
how gross is that ?
and what 's the message behind it all ?
we need water , we need melons , we need to be dead to have sex ?
sorry , but this stinks !
" ally mcbeal " was a decent enough show , but it was very overrated .
the characters become boring after a while and the jokes begin to fall short .
i think it chose an appropriate point in time to leave - it was starting to outstay its welcome .
considering its popularity , i found this movie a huge disappointment .
maybe i was expecting too much from this film .
after all , it is one of the most well known martial arts films of the 1970s , but i could never figure out why .
the story is uninteresting .
it is also a very talky movie with sporadic action sequences .
my biggest problem with the movie was that the story does not offer a character that i could root for , since the intended hero is an idiot .
director chang has no sense of style , and he is unable to hide the glaring imperfections found in the narrative .
i know this is not supposed to be high art , but i found the movie boring .
definitely not the best example of this much - beloved genre .
its cult status escapes me .
i recommend you to skip it .
the entire thing is very beautiful to look at ..
the european location shooting was a good idea .
the lead actors are attractive .
the score is servicable .
but then they spoke !
and the non - plot developed !
and it was all downhill from there .
pacino is sleepwalking and keller keeps talking about how bored she is ..
hello , dear , you 're not alone .
when he does a mae west imitation , you might have to hide your face , its that painful to watch .
i ca n't imagine how either actor or director sydney pollack got involved with this , or a better question , why it ended up stinking so
bad?since
death is represented in almost every scene , one way or another , maybe you 're supposed to have low enjoyment here .
maybe its supposed to feel as empty and cold as death .
but i still ca n't recommend it .
for my first taste of shakespeare on stage , i can not believe what these people did to a perfectly good play .
-let 's start off with the good bit , shall we?-alan rickman is alright , although some of his dialog could have been delivered with more feeling .
the rest of the actors needed to pull it together .
romeo , romeo , whyfore art thou not dead yet , romeo ?
the actor , while not only completely wooden and deadpan , could not read his lines with any gusto at all .
he was completely out of focus , had difficulty even looking juliet in the face , and absolutely no grace with the lines that he was given .
whoever cast him deserves to be punished .
juliet is almost passable , but she gives no depth to her character , and seems to be completely out of touch with the play .
mercutio was incredibly creepy and completely out of character for the entirety of his dialog .
benvolio was unfeeling and mercilessly choppy with his lines .
i was forced to endure this half - baked production of romeo and juliet .
the acting was stilted and the costumes were nothing short of distracting .
i have seen kindergarten puppet shows with more effort put into them .
i only wish that i could give this movie a rating of zero .
i saw this movie originally in the theater , when i was 10 .
even at that age the ' humor ' was mildly insulting to my adolescent intelligence .
in the past , whenever i would see ed begley jr. or jeff goldblum
i would cringe and start to feel very uncomfortable and even slightly sad .
until i was reminded of the existence of this movie today , i was unsure why i felt that way .
apparently i blocked my memory of this movie yet my negative feelings towards two of the perpetrators remained .
apparently i forgot that i saw this movie but subconsciously mourned the pieces of my soul that had been stolen ,
nay eaten by the creators of this inhuman work .
i have n't been brave enough to try watching it as an adult .
i imagine that as part of the healing process that i should probably look at confronting this childhood fear so that i can * truly * put it behind me .
some regression therapy and / or hypnosis might not be a bad idea either .
ok - i adore this film ...
i will credit this movie - alone - for making me such a die - hard horror fanatic .
i could never watch this movie alone .
i 've also heard many many stories of the effect it had in
it 's original release at the theatres , on its viewers .
incredible masterpiece ....
horrible , psychological stuff scares the pants off me
bless their hearts , whoever made this awesome film .
i love it .
i thought the whole film was decent and interesting .
this movie is so scary -
this is the scariest movie i have ever seen in my life !
not that what happens in the film and the idea of the film are not scary enough , but what always got me - was brendan 's fabulous acting .
best horror film ever .
nothing can ever be this scary again .
halloween viewing at its evilest .
this movie is supposed to be taking place in and around seattle .
the , why is porteau cove p - r - o - v - i - n
- c - i -
a - l park shown ?
provincial parks are in canada , and not the united states .
the inspector uses a palm pilot complete with stylus to ' read ' that someone has hacked into the computer of the bridal shop .
i did not know that this was possible using a database storage device .
a woman appears in the movie without any introduction and is never introduced .
we learn half - way into the movie that this woman works in the district attorney 's office .
then , in the correctional center a guard actually precedes jenks through a door and keeps his back to the offender ! !
this would never happen in a real correctional setting .
the director really messed on this one -- this does n't happen in real life .
the acting is adequate .
the plot is good .
the cinematography is good .
however , the many errors found in the continuity lead to a 3 out of 10 vote .
90 minutes of mindy ...
mindy is a tease to boyfriend bill ...
mindy prances at the high school dance ...
mindy hitchhikes to big sur , shoplifts a loaf of " shepherd 's bread ,
" mindy nearly gets gang - raped ...
ah , the pleasures of crown international drive - in features .
you must remember that these films were never designed to be watched start to finish on dvd players .
they were made as 90 minutes of ambiance so the teens of the 70s would have a soundtrack as they got it on in their pintos and citations .
the lack of pacing and structure did n't matter to the original audience -- they probably only tuned in when the t & a on screen matched what they were up to , out in the parking lot .
the film is really irritating when watched as a story .
it 's a lot more fun to talk about it than watch it .
my favorite inanities : 1 ) bill and his friend accompany the teacher to find mindy .
with no luggage or change of underwear , they spend 2 nights sharing a motel room with the teacher , just like in real life .
2)after being abducted and nearly raped by depraved bikers , and after their innocent friend " pan " is savagely beaten , mindy and her girlfriend find an unattended motorcycle on the road .
mindy immediately brightens up and chirps , " i 'm going ' to big sur ! ! "
but again , it 's a lot more fun to talk / read about than sit through .
when i was little my parents took me along to the theater to see interiors .
it was one of many movies i watched with my parents , but this was the only one we walked out of .
since then i had never seen interiors until just recently , and i could have lived out the rest of my life without it .
what a pretentious , ponderous , and painfully boring piece of 70 's wine and cheese tripe .
woody allen is one of my favorite directors but interiors is by far the worst piece of crap of his career .
in the unmistakable style of ingmar berman , allen gives us a dark , angular , muted , insight in to the lives of a family wrought by the psychological damage caused by divorce , estrangement , career , love , non - love , halitosis , whatever .
the film , intentionally , has no comic relief , no music , and is drenched in shadowy pathos .
this film style can be best defined as expressionist in nature , using an improvisational method of dialogue to illicit a " more pronounced depth of meaning and truth " .
but woody allen is no ingmar bergman .
the film is painfully slow and dull .
but beyond that , i simply had no connection with or sympathy for any of the characters .
instead i felt only contempt for this parade of shuffling , whining , nicotine stained , martyrs in a perpetual quest for identity .
amid a backdrop of cosmopolitan affluence and baked brie intelligentsia the story looms like a fart in the room .
everyone speaks in affected platitudes and elevated language between cigarettes .
everyone is " lost " and " struggling " , desperate to find direction or understanding or whatever
and it just goes on and on to the point where you just want to slap all of them .
it 's never about resolution , it 's only about interminable introspective babble .
it is nothing more than a psychological drama taken to an extreme beyond the audience 's ability to connect .
woody allen chose to make characters so immersed in themselves we feel left out .
and for that reason i found this movie painfully self indulgent and spiritually draining .
i see what he was going for but his insistence on promoting his message through prozac prose and distorted film techniques jettisons it past the point of relevance .
i highly recommend this one if you 're feeling a little too happy and need something to remind you of death .
otherwise , let 's just pretend this film never happened .
by 1941 columbia was a full - fledged major studio and could produce a movie with the same technical polish as mgm , paramount or warners .
that 's the best thing that could be said about " adam had four sons , " a leaden soap opera with almost terminally bland performances by ingrid bergman
( top - billed for the first time in an american film ) and warner baxter .
bergman plays a frenchwoman ( this was the era in which hollywood thought one foreign accent was as good as another ) hired as governess to baxter 's four sons and staying on ( with one interruption caused by the stock - market crash of 1907 ) until the boys are grown men serving in world war i. just about everyone in the movie is so goody - good
it 's a relief when susan hayward as the villainess enters midway through 
she 's about the only watchable person in the movie even though she 's clearly channeling bette davis and vivien leigh ; it 's also the first in her long succession of alcoholic roles 
but the script remains saccharine and the ending is utterly preposterous .
no wonder
bergman turned down the similarly plotted " the valley of decision " four years later .
ah , the spirit of ' 68 .
the streets of paris were running wild with rebellion , the hippies were high on the spirit of love .
how was britain marking this age of radicalism and revolution ?
erm , by the looks of it , dear old blighty was focusing on making films about boys in boarding schools .
if ... contains the evil establishment .
it contains the uprising of the oppressed .
what it lacks in contrast to the parisien passion and the hippy headtripping is any sense of excitement , except in its all - out ammo - and - artillery fire ending .
lindsay anderson 's if ... stars the ever - marvellous malcolm mcdowell as one of three private school pupils who decorate their dorm with photos of lenin and other left - wing radicals .
it 's clearly an anti - establishment movie in its depiction of the evil upper - class oiks who rule the roost and the antiquated autocratic practices of the pish - posh public school standard .
what makes if ... unusual though is that for all its radical sympathies , it does n't explicitly give us any sense of great tension between human decency and the despotic school system ,
instead it just kind of floats : lacking in plot and lacking in personality .
surrealist bits fade in and out occasionally and the film slips from black - and - white to colour again ( is it due to the low budget or is it an arty expression ? ) , but there is little of interest to speak of .
all we get is the poignant denouement where the young rebels reach for their rifles and shoot down the shady overlords of the establishment .
hooray !
a revolution !
at last something that demands a second thought unlike the rest of this dull exercise in boarding school daydreaming .
if ... could have been a powerful political statement , but as it is it drifts and only gathers any sense of direct interest at the end .
instead of being a testament to the dissident zeitgeist of the late - sixties , it only succeeds in being a dazed document of upper - class british education .
anarchy ?
apathy more like , the only man many viewers will want to stick it to after watching if ... will be lindsay anderson .
i had no idea what the film is about before i saw it because tashan only had teaser trailers while it was being promoted .
so i asked my friends if they knew anything about it
and they said that " it is the directorial debut of vijay krishna acharya who wrote the screenplays for dhoom 1 & 2 and saif ali khan 's son ibrahim makes his debut in the film by playing him as a child in his flashback" .
after watching it , i understood that why their was n't a proper trailer because there was n't anything in the film to show .
the story was extremely dum and even a 10 year old child can come up with a better story - line .
there was hardly any action and the camera shook at every possible angle there is
and it 's difficult to figure out that who is killing who .
also the action was daft & unrealistic e.g. 1 man with a handgun managed to kill about 100 men with machine guns .
while i was watching tashan it reminded me of 3 films : sin city :
during the opening credits .
koyla :
anil kapoor 's terrible english like amrish puri in koyla .
jhoom barabar jhoom : the outrageously ridiculous jokes that are not even a jot funny .
i also heard the budget is 40 crores which is the same amount as dhoom 2
and i do n't know where all the money went to .
anyway if you did not like dhoom 2
then there is absolutely no chance that you will like tashan .
race was hot on heels and that is a million times better .
the only 2 good songs are dil haara & challiya and both songs are shot in greece at good locations but what is the use of it in a rubbish film ?
even anil kapoor 's terrible english could n't save this discomfiture .
i like end - of - days movies .
i like b - movies .
i was hoping i would like this movie .
i could ignore the poor effects , the often atrocious music , the cringe - inducing lines .
i could ignore the unexplained events , and the fact that the movie constantly relies on deus ex machina is excusable , given the subject matter .
i could ignore the fact that the people who fight hunger and try to reach world peace are the bad guys .
none of these things kill the movie .
what kills this movie is that it 's just plain and simple boring .
nothing actually happens ; almost all scenes in the movie are designed to push the movie creators ' morals on the viewers , at the cost of actually having a coherent story , or any kind of suspense .
if you 're looking for an entertaining b - movie , look elsewhere .
this movie is just boring .
there are two groups of people ... those who love every fellini movie they see and normal people .
while i will admit that i have really enjoyed some of his films , i can also honestly say that i ca n't stand some of them .
my opinion , by the way , is not just some knee - jerk reaction -- i have seen most of fellini 's films and have also seen many films by the world 's most famous directors .
with this in mind , i feel that the most overrated and annoying directors can be both godard and fellini .
they both have delighted in the bizarre and often unwatchable and yet have received gobs of accolades from reviewers and the " intelligensia " , while the average person would never sit through some of their films .
heck , even a person who loves international cinema would generally be left out in the cold when seeing some of these films .
so , since only a small clique actually watches their films and they are already predisposed to seeing the directors as geniuses , it 's not surprising that their films are so often praised -- it 's like a cult !
if you do n't believe me , think about many of godard 's films such as first name carmen or alphaville, ... or what about fellini satyricon or juliet of the spirits ?
these films abound with boredom , weirdness and incomprehensibility .
now i am not saying a film ca n't be weird ( after all i love happiness of the katakuris and shaolin soccer ) , but it must be watchable!now on to this movie .
somehow , fellini has managed to make a story about a sexually compulsive man completely boring and unsexy .
this is no small task -- it took a lot of work to make this so unwatchable .
instead of cheap sexual thrills , the sex acts are choreographed in a silly and annoying way while the character of casanova is buried under so much makeup and prosthetics that donald sutherland looks like a ghoul .
i know some of this must have been fellini 's intention , but many viewers will be left completely bored by this sterile performance -- especially since sutherland 's lines are all poorly dubbed into italian
and so he neither looks nor sounds like himself !
unfortunately , when the movie is not wrapped up in these boring sexual escapades , there really is n't anything else to watch .
an interesting note about the first sexual conquest shown in this dull movie is that the actress looks amazingly like a younger version of fellini 's wife , giulietta masina .
considering that in addition to this , that in previous decades fellini had masina play characters such as a prostitute and a horribly abused woman , it seems like he may have truly hated his wife and was having this acted out on screen .
i read a bit about them and their tempestuous relationship and it seems to bear this out as well .
this is about the only aspect of this turgid film that i found at all interesting .
do n't say i did n't warn you !
my husband rented this from a video store thinking it was suspense .
( he never reads the synopsis).well , it would be funny if the thing was watchable .
it simply is n't .
the same thing over and over , no intrigue , and where did they find the leading man ? .
the leading man , michael des barres , is not even feasibly good - looking , especially for this role he is given .
also , sexual harassment at work is something , if you want to see , rent michael crichton 's " disclosure " .
at least michael douglas looked good in the early 90 's .
alexandra paul , who is usually watchable , plays an embarrassing scene here .
there are also lighting effects cheaper than your at home web cam .
do n't even waste time renting this .
0/10 .
i just did n't get this movie ...
was it a musical ?
but there were choreographed songs and dancing in it ...
was it a serious drama ....
no the acting was not good enough for that .
is whoopi goldberg a quality serious actor ..
definently not .
i had difficulty staying awake through this disjointed movie .
the message on apartheid and the " tribute " to the students who died during a student uprosing is noted .
but as entertainment this was very poor and as a documentary style movie it was worse .
see for yourself , but in fairness i hated it
the perfect murder is foiled when a wife(played by mary ellen trainor , once the wife to director robert zemeckis , who helmed this episode ) , who murders her husband with a poker , has the misfortune of receiving a visitor as she is about to move the body outside ..
an escaped insane madman dressed in a santa claus suit(played by a deviously hideous larry drake ) .
she fends for her life while trying to find a way of hiding her husband 's corpse .
she decides to use an ax , once she downs the santa killer who misses several chances to chop off the woman 's head , to frame the killer for her husband 's murder .
santa killer locks her in a closet and pursues the woman 's daughter as she tries desperate to free herself to save the child .
this episode of tales from the crypt just recycles tired material involving the old " santa kills " theme while also adding the oft - used(add nauseum)woman - murders - her - husband - for - a - man - she's - been - cheating - with routine .
it 's essentially trainor trying to find a way to avoid being caught with a dead body she kills while also keeping a safe distance from a maniac .
there 's nothing refreshing or new about this plot which pretty much goes through the motions .
not one of the show 's highlights .
tv version of " twister " springs a few leaks but manages to remain watchable .
my sister bought this at a wal - mart a few years back when it was released , i saw it back then and thought it was okay .
later " twister " with bill pullman and helen hunt comes out ( or was it before ?
i think it was ' 97 ) and did a better job overall .
but " twister " was more silly fun ; this is realistic with a message .
it all depends on what you want from a movie with twisters : twisters , or a low - budget character study?john schneider and devon sawa ( he 's the reason my sister bought it )
star , and devon sawa , who went on to " wild america , " " final destination " and " slackers " got his big break here .
so in a way , i was one of the first people to see him really take off .
i do n't know if it 's an honor or a shame , i have n't seen how he acts in recent films .
"night of the twisters " all depends on personal taste , like i said , it all depends on what you want from a movie with twisters : twisters , or a low - budget character study .
" night of the twister " has the latter .
so you decide .
i give it a 2.5/5 ... - john ulmer
well the previews looked funny and i usually do n't go to movies on opening night especially with my kids because ......
well you never know .
here is a movie that does n't appeal either to children or adults as the jokes are too perverse for children and falls completely flat for entertainment purposes for adults .
i was actually embarrassed to be with my 9 and 6 year old and having to explain to my 6 year old what s h
* t spells .
essentially what happens here is a total twisting of dr. seuss 's classic .
it adds an evil and lazy neighbor who wants to marry the children 's mother for her money .
if that was a subplot , then maybe that would have been fine but it ends up being the major plot around the whole movie and " the cat " plays more of a subplot role in exposing the neighbor to the mom for who he really is .
take my advice and read the book and pass on the movie .
a plot that fizzled and reeked of irreconcilable differences in opinions constituted a judgmental havoc with one side pro - life and the other a destroyer of a demon 's seed .
the horror was left out and replaced with an overall dull effect quite possibly meant to be horrific , but , instead demonstrated an ill dose of beliefs which ridiculed each other to death , despite the title itself .
being a fan of masters of horror since the beginning , this ridiculous plot twist with it 's sordid depictions crashed apart like a spindly old rocking chair after being sat upon .
i view this episode as being thrown together from the get go , never really taking off anywhere other than to see it through for what its worth and relieved when it finally came to " the end " ..
holy freaking god all - freaking - mighty .
this movie was so bad , i thought i was on drugs .
in a bad way ... the character acting is the poorest thing i 've seen in quite some time .
this movie was more akin to lord of the g - strings , imho(it 's a real movie ) .
most of the movie appeared to be done on a horrible green screen .
my favorite part was when they are in the carriage , and you can tell there 's no horse .
they 're fleeing from alien monsters , and going about the same speed as a swift jog .
then it switches to a far - shot with a ridiculous cg horse .
and the cg in general seems to be sub - par to 1992 's beyond the mind 's eye .
i mean , come on , really .
it felt like a horrible episode of hercules , only without kevin sorbo there to save the day .
worst .
movie .
ever .
it 's so sad that romanian audiences are still populated with vulgar and uneducated individuals who relish this kind of cheap and demonstrative shows , as superficial and brutal as the " garcea " series or the " vacanta mare " child - plays ...
the difference is that mugur mihäescu , doru octavian dumitru and other such sub - artisans never presume to claim their shows as " art " .
pintilie , who 40 years ago made a very good movie ( " duminicä la ora sase " ) followed by another one , nice enough ( " reconstituirea " ) , tries to declare his film - lenghts " art works " - but , unfortunately , he masters at a way too limited level the specifically cinematographic means of expression .
as such , " niki ardelean " offers again a sample of " how not " - this being about its only merit .
this is one of the worst b slashers i 've ever seen in my life .
the ending is something you have to see to believe .
the movie starts with harry standing and phillip standing sitting on the stairs with their mother watching their father come down the chimney while dressed in a santa suit .
he puts the presents under the tree , eats the cookies and milk and then goes back up the chimney .
phillip goes to bed but harry comes down only to find his father dressed in a santa suit sexually pleasuring his mother .
then , harry goes up stairs , smashes a snow globe , grabs a shard of glass , and cuts himself .
then you move on to the present .
you see harry .
he is a lonely man who sleeps in a santa suit and watches little kids through a pair of binoculars .
he has two books .
one book for good kids and the other for bad kids .
he writes down everything they do in these books .
the guy is a creep .
he also works at the jolly dream toy factory .
his brother phillip has a family and two kids and lives in a nice house .
when harry finds out that his boss only cares about profits , he goes and collects all the toys and delivers them to a few kids .
then , he travels to a church and kills 4 people .
then he goes to another house and puts presents under the tree .
the kids catch him
but they go back to bed .
so , harry goes to the bedroom and kills the father and leaves .
as he is walking towards a house , a bunch of kids spot him and run up to him .
the parent 's are nervous and try to get their kids to come back to them
so they do n't get hurt .
how do they know that harry is the killer ?
sure , you have to be suspicious because you never know who it could be .
harry gives the kids presents and the father pulls out a switch blade in an attempt to stab him in front of the kids .
when harry runs off , the townsfolk light torches and follow him to kill him .
they do n't even know that he is the killer .
when harry reaches his brother 's house , his his brother and him have a little talk and phillip strangles him .
he only loses consciousness .
phillip loads harry back into his van .
when harry wakes up , he takes off .
the ending is something i could not believe .
once again , you 'll have to see it to believe it .
one thing that bugged me was the black santa .
that 's right , the man in the santa suit they saw was a white man .
so why did they bring in a black man?skip this and see silent night deadly night and santa 's slay .
you 'll get your money 's worth seeing those two films .
they are better than this pile of garbage !
i give this movie 1 star out of 10 .
wish i could give it 0 stars cause that is what this movie deserves .
what a disgrace !
i was checking this out hoping it would be an undiscovered james garner gem and
what a stinker it turned out to be !
the production quality was fine , but the plot was undeniably lame and i can honestly say that i am only a couple hours older and a lot dumber now .
the movie really had no redeeming qualities and if this kind of stuff keeps coming out , it will give hallmark a bad name .
for those of you who insist on knowing what it was about , it 's about nothing , and in this case , it 's not a good thing .
we are subjected to watching one old ornery woman who is one of the dumbest creatures ever to roam the earth , who happens to be married to a real sweetheart who is probably the only person alive that could put up with her .
she drags him through one mess after another , gets him into one embarrassing situation after another , and is proud of herself the whole time .
then the movie ends .
what a relief that was !
not worth the time it would take to watch it , so do yourself a favor and skip this one , you 'll be glad you did if you knew how bad this one really is .
the first " home alone " was one of the funniest movies of the 90 's .
the second was just as funny with the same cast and jokes !
now comes " home alone 3 " .
i was curious how they could continue with the same story considering kevin
would 've been 17 by 1997 .
he could take care of himself , right ?
so , what does the director decide to do ?
he takes a child just as annoying and makes him sick .
the kid is like 6 years old and the mother leaves him alone in the house ?
what kind of team of burgerlers are these idiots ?
i do n't really want to get too into detail if you want to sadly see this movie .
but please , i 'd recommend that you 'd stay away from it .
it 's not worth your precious time .
go fold a piece of paper , do chores , balance a pencil on your nose , or take a nap !
it 's better to do then to watch " home alone 3"!1/10
otto preminger directs this light as a feather story .
bohemian jean seberg and her equally bohemian widower father david niven holiday in the south of france with nutty mylène demongeot .
things are fine until family friend deborah kerr shows up .
nivens , a degenerate womanizer , finds the conquest of kerr too hard to resist .
that 's fine with seberg , as long as niven loves her and leaves her ( as he 's done with all the women in his past ... including demongeot ) .
when it appears as though she 's becoming second banana in niven 's life , seberg exact revenge on kerr .
preminger tells the story in flashbacks from seberg 's perspective and cleverly combines black and white with sunnier color scenes .
the cinematography by georges périnal is stunning .
the film features some of preminger 's least heavy - handed direction , although he rarely allows any close - ups , which makes it difficult to make out what the actors are really feeling .
arthur laurents wrote the script and it 's full of acidic dialog and funny scenes ( mostly involving bird - brained demongeot ) .
seberg acquits herself fairly well , but niven is at his least appealing ...
and he shows no chemistry with either seberg or kerr .
preminger really mis - steps with that casting .
it 's a role that seems tailor made for someone closer to charles boyer .
with geoffrey horne as seberg 's would - be suitor and martita hunt as his daffy mother .
juliette gréco , playing herself , sings the title song in a paris nightclub .
the great titles are by preminger regular saul bass .
6/10 acting , not great but some good acting.4/10 director , makes some stupid decisions for this film.2/10 writer , story makes no sense at all and has huge amount of flaws.4/10 overall score for this movie .
don't waste your time with this film , it 's not worth it .
i gave 4 for this movie and it may be too much .
characters are so over exaggerated than they can ever be in real life and some pretty unexplainable stuff happens " storywise " , not in good way .
because of the style this film has been filmed you get bored after 30 minutes ( too many special effects : slow motions and camera shakes and fast forwards ) .
it 's always good that movie uses music to make the story go smooth
but there 's too many tracks in this one .
in the first hour there is almost 50/50 dialogs and musics
nintendo ! ! !
you # %
$ @ers ! !
how could you do this to me ?
i ca n't believe it ... this movie is actually worse than the first one .
i went to see this at the theatre with my brother because my mother forced me to tag along ....
oh god ... where do i even begin ?
the plot sucked .
the voice acting sucked .
the animation sucked .
the ending really sucked .
if you liked this movie , you suck too .
and to futuramafan1987 , who said this was the greatest movie ever , you are a tool , plain and simple .
this is n't a movie for anyone but crack - addled ten - year olds with game boys who think pikachu is god .
i 'm still cry to this day thinking about that horrible turd of a movie ....
and then there was pikachu 's adventure ...
don't even get me started on that horrible mess of a film .
it is , in all truth , one of the most boring experiences of my entire life .
do n't go watch this at any costs .
bottom line :
go out , find every copy of this movie that you can , and burn it .
burn them all , and then proceed to rent a good movie , like aliens ... or bowling for columbine ... or even back to the future !
as much as i like japanese movies
this one did n't just cut it ...
a movie that is supposed to be about rebels and the survival of a royal blood line turned out to be a very slow paced movie with a doubtful plot .
the photography is ok , though i 've seen much better sword fight scenes in other japanese movies , the fast cameras and the way they followed the characters did n't convince me at all .
the soundtrack is so weak you do n't even notice its presence .
but worst of all was the way the plot evolved .
i have to admit that , at some times , i had a hard time understanding who was who and what was going on ...
anyway the platonic love between the main character and another one was completely unnecessary and seemed to come from a hollywood influence .
all in all , if your looking for an action japanese movie this is n't it .
its very slow , with very few sword fight scenes and very sentimental ...
in a bad way ...
to be honest , i did n't like " executive decision " - which was obvious the template - very much , but compared to this piece of crap , it looks like a masterpiece of art .
not only that the people moving in the film ( the term actors would be an insult for all other actors ) should attend more acting classes , the guy who build the setting has n't even seen an aircraft from afar .
it is so ridiculous , that on a 747 only 3 flight attendance are aboard , but this is only the tip of the iceberg .
the film is full of illogicalness ( e.g. : use sleeping - gas , then do n't use it , then use it anyway ) , which dropped my rating finally to the bottom .
you can have more fun in rearranging you sock drawer or in drilling a hole in your knee and fill it with milk .
aliens resemble plush toys and hand puppets , while having arms that do n't function.2 .
aliens mastered intergalactic space travel , but they do n't know how to push an unlocked vault door open , yet can push open a door being held shut by five people.3 .
old security guards know how to get a hold of c4 , and are just waiting for the right time to use it , say , when they are suddenly fired for no explainable reason.4 .
apparently , us army boot camp , in the 80 's , involved several sessions of " garden tool combat " , including the pirouette spin of death.5 .
to impress your prudish girl friend , you have to " save the world ...
err ... neighborhood " from aliens.6 .
all women are sluts , either openly or secretly.7 .
scummy night clubs look like bad diners.8 .
scummy " waitresses double as dancers for the fontanelles
( how did they get talked into this ? )
who can only do bad 60 's dance moves.9 .
army privates secretly dream of being rambo.10 .
grenades apparently have a setting for " flash - bang " .
being burned alive apparently only leaves one with minor burns on their arms.12 .
us army staff sargeants apparently happen to always be in the area and do nothing about aliens in the area.13 .
aliens apparently always " go home " , which means back to the vault they were un - locked in.14 .
aliens are attracted to bright lights , which apparently means in the los angeles area one would assume , the protagonist 's house is the most brightly lit thing in the area.15 .
showing 16 parking scenes in a movie makes the audience clamor for more.16 .
vans from the 80 's apparently have horrible suspension systems.17 .
comedy is supposed to happen in this film.18 .
horror is supposed to happen in this film.19 .
spoofs and homages are supposed to happen in this film.20 .
this film cures insomnia.21 .
apparently , garden tools make electronic keyboard noises whenever they are used , not just in fights
( tell me i 'm not the only one who noticed this).the simply truth
is this film just came out wrong .
period .
there is n't much meat on the bone , nor does it do anything really well .
even average .
it 's just bad .
however , i 've seen far worse , and the rake fight scene is pure comedy gold , intentional or otherwise.2/10
- jaws 4 was worse then this .
at least the film never took itself seriously .
i 've tried to watch this show several times , but for a show called " that ' 70s show , " i do n't find much apart from a few haircuts and the occasional reference to disco that actually evokes the ' 70s -- the decade in which i grew up .
of the episodes i have seen , most of the plots and jokes could be set in any time period .
take away the novelty of ( supposedly ) being set in the ' 70s , and the show is neither interesting nor funny .
if you 're looking for a show that more successfully represents the experience of youth in america in the ' 70s , in my humble opinion you can do no better than " the wonder years . "
i almost drowned in cheese watching this movie .
in fact i could not even finish it .
i want my money back .
one more of hollywood 's feeble attempts to come up with a new idea .
good thing i keep a bowl of lemons in the fridge .
just in case .
they should of gave nic cage a hat and a bull - whip .
swashbucklin ' .
cage 's performance in raising arizona or leaving las vegas beats this " lemon " .
people who are completely and totally marketed(and
most of them are ) should love this movie .
if this film had been animated , i would have taken it more seriously .
i would of rather paid to see a completely stupid movie that did not try to hide it .
in my opinion , this was a incredibly stupid movie and it made a even more incredibly sad attempt to try and hide that fact.all the sheep seem to love it though .
nothing could have saved this movie , not even superman .
ten years ago the special effects would have been amazing .
better directing might have gotten some more feeling and better performances out of the actors .
but nothing but feeding the script to a dragon could have fixed it .
plot holes , bad lines , terrible pacing , endless replaying of the same shots of a cgi dragon stomping through hallways ...
avoid this one at all costs .
this may be the worst film adaptation of a broadway musical ever .
even the music has been destroyed .
attenborough knows nothing about theater - almost every shot and moment ring false .
i will say , though , that it is almost bad enough to be funny .
the hairstyles are remarkably dated .
i can not for the life of me
understand what is meant ( conceptually ) by opening the film with an exterior of the theater where " a chorus line " is playing .
are we to think that these people are auditioning for " a chorus line , " which contains the stories about the people who are auditioning ?
oh no , the show is collapsing on itself .
i saw the original production , and have listened to the album hundreds of times .
why , oh , why , did they do this ?
mirror .
mirror ( 1990 ) is a flat out lame movie .
why did i watch movies like this when i was younger ?
who knows ?
maybe i was one for punishing myself by watching one terrible movie after another .
i do n't know , i guess i needed a hobby during my teen years .
a teenage outcast ( rainbow harvest ) seeks solace in an old mirror .
soon she learns about the horrific power this antique mirror has and uses it to strike out against those who have wronged her .
movies like these , the power giver has a nasty side effect .
this one changes her inside and out if she likes it or not .
a mess of a movie that for some reason was restored on d.v.d .
a few years back .
i do n't know why .
they should have left it on the shelf and collect dust .
people love this movie foe some reason .
if you do i would like to know why .
until then i dislike this movie
and i have no reason to ever watch it again .
not recommended at all .
i had to endure teen - aged , high school angst and family conflict for almost all of the show .
i really do not care about high - school girls fretting about their relationships .
i 've spent my time in hell dealing with such issues and i care nothing about fictional teenies going through " lite " versions of the horrors i endured .
i want science fiction .
that 's the only reason i 'm here .
there were a few seconds of science fiction late in the show .
we finally see a proto - cylon .
it was good but with one problem .
its red eye - dot would lock onto an object of interest .
we all know that cylon eyedots always scan back and forth , giving the machine a map of the world .
the red eye - dot does not ever stop moving back and forth .
i really hope the writers fix this abuse before the second episode .
a fashion designer trips over a cat and falls into a pool , hitting her head on something floating on the surface .
with rather cheesy effects ( this was a tv movie )
she floats up out of her body .
she floats through a tunnel of rings of swirling orange smoke , and black rigid figures tip into her view ( they look like the mannequins in her apartment ) .
i almost thought i was watching a jess franco movie ....
as her friends revive her , a black arm grabs her by the wrist , and she has to struggle to get loose .
when she is revived , she remembers everything , and has a nasty bruise on her forearm .
shortly thereafter , she nearly gets hit by an out - of - control car that comes up on the sidewalk behind her .
on halloween , she decides with her boyfriend to go to mexico for a vacation .
when she gets there , she 's surprised to find it 's the day of the dead .
they 're annoyed by another american tourist who keeps following them , and he almost drowns them .
the designer is encouraged to join a group of people who 've had near death experiences .
they 've all experienced the tunnel , but not the black figures or the repeated near escapes from death .
one of them has , and he 's very anxious .
she 's also encouraged to meet with a psychic .
a doctor tells her about people he calls " walkers " ( the name of the novel this was based on ) .
they 're people who supposedly died of one cause that , when examined , prove to have died of another cause .
thus it 's like they continued walking around after dying until they died again , but he blames it on poor record - keeping .
i watched this on the 102 minute video , and it felt awfully long .
i ca n't imagine that there 's actually a 192 minute version !
perhaps if it was meant to be watched over two or more nights on tv it would better be watched that way than in one sitting .
i've only read one gary brandner novel , floater , and if it is representative of his work , he 's not the most original of writers .
floater had the common plot of : picked on kid kills people in revenge .
even the variation was pretty common : picked on kid dies and kills people years later in revenge from beyond the grave .
and in fact it has a point in common with this movie , in that the kid practices astral projection , and when he is drowned he floats up out of his body as here .
i do n't know how closely from the dead of night follows his novel walkers .
i understand the howling movies do n't bear much resemblance to his novels .
it 's quite a slow movie , and the special effects and cinematography are really held down by the ( presumably ) low budget and made - for - tv shortcomings .
there are a lot of easily recognizable character actors in it .
it also feels very dated , more early to mid 1980s than 1989 .
i found it to be boring .
a much better low - budget movie covering similar subject matter that i do n't think has dated as badly is sole survivor ( 1983 ) ( arguably the inspiration for the 2000s final destination movies ) .
it blows from the dead of night away .
i was glad to watch this movie free of charge as i am working in the hotel industry and this movie came lately to our movie library .
nothing against low budget movies , but this movie has horrible acting and directing .
how can a movie as this one ever be made .
the director should be blacklisted , and for all the poor actors , it is for sure not a jumping board into a career .
please make sure that you 'll not watch this movie , the acting is lame , the camera and directing awful .
there are just a few more movies out there which deserve to be called the " low 10 " .
another example would be " dracula 3000 " .
people who make money with this movie should give it to charity , so at least it serves for a good reason .
in this case i would watch it even another 10 ( or at least one more time ) .
what a terrible movie .
the acting was bad , the pacing was bad , the cinematography was bad , the directing was bad , the " special " effects were bad .
you expect a certain degree of badness in a slasher , but even the killings were bad .
first of all , the past event that set up the motive for the slaughter went on for 15 or 20 minutes .
i thought it would never end .
they could have removed 80 % of it and explained what happened well enough .
then , the victims were invited to the " reunion " in an abandoned school which still had all the utilities turned on .
one of the victims thought this was a little odd , but they dismissed it and decided to break in anyway .
finally , the killings were so fake as to be virtually unwatchable .
there is no reason to watch this movie , unless you want to see some breasts , and not very good breasts at that .
this movie makes showgirls virtually indistinguishable from citizen kane .
this is a very bad western mainly because it is historically inaccurate .
it looks as if it were shot on a back lot in california instead of where jack slade lived and died , idaho , colorado territories , and montana .
it fictionalizes everything that is known about this mysterious ' bad man , ' ' good man . '
the script is horrible ; there is very little direction , and lousy acting .
dorothy malone is completely wasted as his wife .
mark steven never seems to know how to portray this mysterious jack slade .
in real life , jack slade was a very good stage line superintendent .
he was feared by his local townsmen for his hard drinking .
when drunk he would start fights and cause other problems in virginia city , montana .
to insure that he could never terrorize them again , vigilantes lynched jack slade after he ignored their warning to leave town immediately .
this is a horrible movie .
i can not recommend anyone to watch this movie other than to see how hollywood butches history at will , even to this day .
i used to love this movie as a kid but , seeing it again 20 + years later , it actually sucks .
up the academy might have been ahead of it 's time back in 1980 , but it has almost nothing to offer today !
movies like caddyshack and stripes hold - up much better today than this steaming dogpile .
t&a. no great jokes except for the one - liners we 've all heard a million times by now .
i recently bought the dvd in hopes that it would be the gem i remembered it being .
well , i was way off !
the soundtrack had only 2 - 3 widely - recognizable hits ( not the smash compilation others had mentioned ) and the frequent voice - overs were terrible .
the only thing that was interesting , to me , was predicting what the character 's lines were before they said them .
yep , i watched this movie that much back then !
the only reason i am writing this review is to give my two cents on why this movie should be forgotten , sorry to say . :(
i sat through this movie expecting a thought - provoking , fact - based film .
but instead was given some of the least thought out arguments against the christian faith imaginable .
for instance , in an effort to prove that christianity is inherently violent , the narrator constantly quotes the bible without giving context , and thus altering the meaning of the text .
jesus is quoted as commanding the execution of those who disobey him , when in fact , the quote is from a parable jesus told , involving a king who is then quoted .
thus the narrator makes it appear as if jesus says one thing when he is actually telling a story where one of his characters says it .
this is dishonesty in a very obvious form .
is this really what atheism has to offer the world ?
this film also attempts to use the success of the passion of the christ over jesus christ : superstar and the last temptation of the christ as evidence that christians are bloodthirsty .
he makes no mention of the fact that the passion was the most historically accurate bible - film to date .
he makes no mention of the fact that it was actually the best liked by critics of the bunch .
he then edits in a series of violent images from the passion as if to hammer home his point .
ironically , he makes no mention of the texas chainsaw massacre which came out a few months later and plays violence for entertainment , versus dramatic effect .
one thing that really bothered me was his mockery of people who actually knew more about the subject matter than he did .
all the christians he interviewed were average schmoes in the parking lot of billy graham 's new york crusade .
atheists he interviewed for the film were notable authors and scholars .
he asked the christians how the christian movement started , and of course , they said it started with the holy spirit coming to the disciples at pentecost .
which is correct
( acts 2 ) .
he then gives the commentary , " is n't it funny how so few christians seem to know the origins of their own faith ? " and proceeds to explain that the apostle paul started christianity after being stopped on the road to damascus .
the poor chap seems convinced that acts 9 happens before acts 2 .
more deception ?
or is this simply ignorance ?
he also throws around nonsense that paul did n't believe jesus was a real person .
are you kidding me ?
corinthians 15 describes jesus death and resurrection being witnessed by people ( whom paul names in the passage ) for the corinthians to question if they are in doubt!there
are many many other examples of how full of crap this ' documentary ' is .
but because i do n't have time or patience to go into them all , i 'll skip straight to the end .
it 's obvious throughout the whole movie that the narrator has an emotional vendetta against his upbringing in the church .
and the climax interview is his childhood principle !
in a last - ditch attempt to disprove the christian faith , the narrator tries to make a fool out of someone who gave him a detention as a child .
is this what passes as an intellectual documentary for the atheist community ?
surely there are intelligent atheist filmmakers out there who can make a documentary that is n't a load of made - up crap passed off as ' facts ' .
if you rent a movie titled " exterminators of the year 3000 , " the odds are good
you know what you 're getting yourself into .
i myself was sold by the promising descriptions of " nuke mutants , " " motor - psychos , " and of course the " exterminators " themselves which , according to the back of the movie - store case , are all cavorting around a post - apocalyptic barren wasteland wreaking all sorts of mayhem .
let the wacky hijinks and low budget buffoonery ensue -- at least , such were my hopes for this " film .
i like the occasional terrible movie , and if you 're reading the comments on exterminators of the year 3000 , you probably do too .
that being said , i rated this film a solid " 1(awful)"--not because i completely hated the film but because it is one of the most legitimately dreadful efforts at movie - making i have ever seen .
the dialogue , the acting , the cinematography , the sound - editing , the editing in general , the plot , etc . , etc . , etc -- all are worthy of what must surely be low spectator expectations given that marvelous title .
so what is really " good " about this bad movie ?
it does have several of what my circle affectionately terms " quality kills .
a quality kill , for those few of you unfamiliar with the phrase , is n't a hard and fast term , but in general refers to someone killed in a particularly gruesome , creative , or ridiculous fashion .
exterminators of the year 3000 also has a fair supply of " dialogue - so - bad - it - becomes - funny , " provided in great part by crazy bull , the aptly titled leader of the hapless motor - psycho gang -- who incidentally also provide most of the quality kills ( if you 're hoping for big things from the nuke mutants , think again , they play essentially zero part in the movie ... shucks ! ) .
crazy bull , however , is all you could ask for in a b - movie motor - psycho .
shakespearean paraphrase and oddly pg - style insults are all he knows how to say ... and that 's terrific .
despite its quality kills and bad dialogue , however , if you 're looking for a truly entertaining bad movie , exterminators of the year 3000 does disappoint somewhat in that with its draw limited to things like silly and outdated special effects , quality killing , and bad dialogue , there is simply not enough to justify a full feature length , owing principally to the forty minutes or so in which the audience is forced to follow the characters in protracted and boring car " chases " and long desert hiking sequences ...
all in all , a pretty good awful movie , but
hey , it 's no death race 2000 .
this was an excellent idea and the scenery was beautiful but that 's where it ends .
it seemed like a lackluster set it
off meets the west .
the plot barely made any sense .
there were so many characters and not enough time to develop their personalities .
there were too may unnecessary things going on that did n't pertain to the plot nor did it help further the story along .
there were also long blank moments where the plot could have been explored but was used for silence or unnecessary conversations .
the script should have made more sense as well as the directing .
i had a huge question mark on my head watching this movie .
but the casting was great in my opinion .
if you 're only watching for eye candy then this is the movie for you .
i read the reviews for this and while not expecting a saving private ryan
i was expecting a film of some substance .
the film starts off very lob - sided with the usual intro of history and how the unit came into being .
but immediately it 's 1944 and you are not sure where everyone is .
the accents etc are very poor as this unit is supposed to be hawaiian / asian american but everyone speaks in a very poor take on harvard english imitation of a japanese person .
i gave this film 3 out of 10 as after 10 minutes i could n't watch any more of it .
the characters were 1 dimensional and even though they were most likely based on real people i had no feeling for them
and this left me not caring about them .
very poor direction of a very average tv movie which will be shown at midnight on some cable channel .
i 'd avoid and look out for better efforts .
this is a good story but it was deserving of a better telling .
you got a sense the director had seen band of brothers and thought that that was enough to sell his movie .
my advice , avoid and watch band of brothers , tuskegee airmen , glory or any other movie like when trumpets fade ...
let me start off by saying that i did n't watch this movie at first with high expectations .
it was recommended to me by a friend with mediocre taste in movies , and " mtv " was pasted on the front cover
so i was not expecting much .
what i was expecting was a tear - jerker , overly dramatic but at least effective .
i was wrong .
firstly , let me start off that i had never read the book nor watched any other versions of the movie .
the acting was my main gripe with the film .
by god is it awful .
the main girl is pretty mediocre , but when compared to the rest of the cast she 's maryl streep .
the main " hero " , heath , is just plain awful .
he can sing decent sounding clichéd songs , but that 's about it .
his acting broke the ' sad ' moments by being so bad at points that i just burst into laughter .
the isabel girl was pretty godawful too , and the brother was just a flat character that was played by an actor that could n't display emotion whatsoever .
and when he tried to , it failed miserably .
neil patrick harris was the only decent actor , playing edward , although it 's obvious the direction was bad because even he did not live up to what i 've seen him do .
oh , and the father was n't half - bad to my memory , but he was in the movie for such a small amount of time i can hardly remember .
the story itself was not very good .
more breakups than you can imagine .
predictable story ( until the ending , which i barely understood ) .
extremely one - sided characters with no real depth to them ...
overall just not interesting or compelling , nothing we 've never seen before done much better , and
nothing worth watching here .
the ending is suppose to be a tearjerker .
it did nothing of the sort .
the ending is n't built up at all , it almost feels like an afterthought .
in fact , i had to ask my friends why the ending actually happened , which when they explained it to me i must have had a look on my face of " wait , when did they say that ?
what ? " .
never a good sign .
the editing was probably the worst i 've seen , though i do understand the fade - ins - fade - outs are done because this was originally made for tv , but that 's really no excuse .
overall , the movie is just garbage .
i 'm a sensitive guy , i cried during two episodes of the simpsons .
i never cried during this crap , not even close .
really , this movie is not worth your time .
if you really want to see a tearjerker look elsewhere .
sorry , but aside from kim basinger doing a good job acting scared , this was one of the worst thrillers i 've seen in awhile .
logic is thrown out as 4 young guys terrorize this woman outside a crowded mall then shoot a security guard .
yet no one seems to notice .
then , instead of screaming for help or racing back to the mall , she drives off and ends up in the middle of the woods with the guys in hot pursuit .
i ca n't even describe how silly it is seeing this woman fleeing from 4 retarded thugs , carrying a red toolbox , screaming for god to come help her , and then having sex with one of them after brutally killing the others .
please trust me , this is bad and a bit tasteless as well .
i hope whoever coached these losers on their accents was fired .
the only high points are a few of the supporting characters , 3 of 5 of my favourites were killed off by the end of the season ( and one of them was a cat , to put that into perspective).the whole storyline is centered around sex , and nothing else .
sex with vampires , gay sex with gay vampires , gay sex with straight vampires , sex to score vampire blood , sex after drinking vampire blood , sex in front of vampires , vampire sex , non - vampire sex , sex because we 're scared of vampires , sex because we 're mad at vampires , sex because we just became a vampire , etc .
nothing against sex , it would just be nice if it were a little more subtle with being peppered into the storyline .
perhaps have a storyline and then shoehorn some sex into it .
but they did n't even bother to do that ... and anna paquin is a dizzy gap - tooth bitch .
either she sucks or her character sucks , i ca n't figure out which .
another part of the storyline that i find highly implausible is why 150 year old vampire bill who seems to have his things together would be interested in someone like sookie .
she 's constantly flying off the handle at him for things he ca n't control .
he leaves for two days and she already decides that he 's " not coming back " and suddenly has feelings for dog - man ?
give me a break .
she 's supposed to be a 25 year old woman , not a 14 year old girl .
people close to her are dying all over , and she 's got the brightest smile on her face because she just gave away her v - card to some dude because she ca n't read his mind ?
as the main character of the story , i would 've hoped the show would do a little more to make her understandable and someone to invest your interest in , not someone you keep secretly hoping gets killed off or put into a coma .
i ca n't find anything about her character that i like and
even the fact that she can read minds is impressively uninspiring and not the least bit interesting .
i will not be wasting my time with watching season 2 come june .
ritchie 's first two films were snappy , stylish entertainment .
here , he raids
two recent classics 
' the usual suspects ' and ' fight club '  and still comes out empty - handed .
despite parading itself as a con - mystery ( with the sub-'usual suspects ' twaddle " the greatest con he ever pulled was convincing you that he was you " or whatever it was ... ) and attempting a ' fight - club ' twist about which characters are real and which are internal manifestations , the film struggles to maintain interest in its second half .
by the last third , you know you 're being lead down a blind alley , and tediously slowly at that .
cons , chess and game theory are all great subjects , but ritchie delves into them too superficially and too repetitively to make much use of the material .
the only thing that keeps the movie ( almost ) watchable is ritchie 's bold way with with a scene and maurice - jones 's dynamic camera .
if ritchie stuck to a more satisfying plot , and succumbed to tighter editing , there 's no reason why he could n't have made another enjoyable gangster caper .
as it is , revolver is a waste of your time .
incomprehensibility does not equal profundity .
if you want to see a great film that does n't make logical sense but makes a virtue of it ( and , incidentally , which also involves an inexplicable escape from solitary confinement ) watch ' lost highway ' .
really , truly , abysmally , garishly , awful .
but actor clayton moore ( the movie lone ranger ) acquits himself competently as an actor .
he 's the only one .
a rare treat , for five minutes , if you want to plumb the depths of grotesquely transparent special effects , southern california as " the moon " ( again and again and again ) , and acting so woodenly inept that it may be a spoof .
except that it 's clear that it isn't --
no humor here , except unintentionally .
the dialogue may be worse than any of these other aspects , and the costumes .
well , enough said .
plot ?
what plot ?
bad guy ( well , head bad guy ) and his henchmen , including his earthly agent called krog
( listen carefully or you 'll suspect it 's a spoof on the name of mcdonald 's founder ray kroc)and his unbelievably inept gunsels ( who , however , have handguns that never need reloading ; as does commando cody ,
so there are numerous firefight standoffs).enjoy .
however , the ladies of all ages will lap it up , no doubt ; at least the opposite sex understand what it is to be a mother , and most of us men try to fathom out what it is to be a father .
whether changing nappies is not at all my favourite occupation and trying to get those bottled baby - foodstuffs into errant toothless mouths must rank very high on household duties preferably left to its mother , has absolutely nothing to do with the matter .
some good interpretations here , and a good story idea ; the handling of the matter , limited to rather scanty tv - production concepts , gives the film a rather over - mellowy taste with not much new to offer .
an insipid way of delivering the goods , and in the end the outcome is so forseeable during the last 20 minutes or so , even my wife dozed off , and i was jumping up to the computer to get the on - line scoring in the barcelona - deportivo match , hoping the away team would do something rather good .
they did .
this film did not .
better by far is mike leigh 's magnificent " secrets and lies " ( qv ) which touches on the same subject matter , but with brenda blethyn playing a far superior part .
" the deadly look of love " is essentially " fatal attraction " with a couple of twists added onto the back half .
the ending will not surprise anyone who has seen more than two or three movies of the week .
it is yet another cautionary tale about succumbing to temptation , and it adds nothing fresh to the genre .
brett ( vincent spano ) is engaged to a beautiful woman who just happens to have a sizable trust fund .
even though he has it all , he risks losing everything by starting up a steamy side affair with janet ( jordan ladd ) .
janet , a doe - eyed blonde from cedar falls , falls hard for brett , and she does not take it particularly well when he comes clean about his engagement .
shortly after the wedding , mrs. brett turns up dead in the master bedroom of the large , luxurious home she shared with her new husband .
when the police question brett , he promptly points the finger at janet .
following her arrest , janet seems to get loonier by the minute - not that she was the picture of stability before .
her defense attorney ( holland taylor ) is convinced that janet is innocent and is hell bent on proving it .
did she do it or did n't she ?
how will it end ?
you can find out the answers to these questions the next time " the deadly look of love " airs on your local station .
and be sure not to miss the moral of this beautiful story : men are pigs , and women are crazy .
the only good part about this film is the beautiful scenery .
this movie was long and boring .
the minister should have retired from the pulpit the time his son paul strayed from the teachings he proclaimed .
how many times can his boys take the lord 's name in vain in this film being from a presbyterian background ?
it does n't fit .
i wished paul was swept down the river without a boat at the very beginning to spare us the silly , smirkish , selfish story of paul ( brad pitt ) .
so norm becomes a teacher and paul becomes a compulsive gambler who norm wants to rescue but
doesn't - so what .
it 's very uninteresting .
we see the prejudiced whites being stood up to by paul because of his native american girl .
that was the only part that had some interest and maybe could have been developed into a real ' wild western ' .
what we only see is a sleepy town where the two minister 's sons have nothing to do but 1 .
norm chase a lame girlfriend and deal with her family and 2.paul
make up dumb stories at the newspaper shop while scratching his head and take a lot of swigs and tie a lot of flies .
i 'd rather watch a show about fishing that that film again - which will be never .
this superior inferiority to the original dumb " blind dead " movie is another trash bin waste .
so many people have hyped up these films that i ca n't believe what they say about it .
since i was a kid i have heard about how scary and great these films are
and i saw them all and was throughly disappointed , was everyone on drugs , from the 1970 's or
do they just not know how boring this crude is ?
one of the worst movies i 've seen shoddy camera work , crappy filter usage , film was grainy , script was terrible , i mean come on , how predictable was the big battle at the end .....
some of the fight scenes were okay
i guess ....
some scenes were so bad it was comical ...
like sorbo getting the horse and riding at the end ...
i mean really .. a horse ?
oh ca nt forget how the bad assassins roll around in the same vehicle throughout the entire movie .. one would think that after killling key witness and federal agents , they woulda been tracked down ..
etc , etc really do n't bother watching it ...
i do agree with everything calamine has said !
and i do n't always agree with people , but what calamine has said is very true , it is time for the girls to move on to better roles .
i would like to see them succeed very much as they were a very inspirational pair growing up
and i would like to see them grow as people , actresses and in their career as well as their personal life .
so producers , please give the girls a chance to develop something that goes off the tangent a bit , move them into a new direction that recognises them individually and their talents in many facets .
this movie that is being commented is not too bad , but as i have seen further on in their movies , their movies stay the same of typical plot and typography .
when in rome is good for audiences of younger generation but the adults who were kids when the twins were babies want to follow the twins in their successes and so hence i think we adults would like to see them make movies of different kinds , maybe some that are like the sixth sense , the hour , chocolat ,
that sort of movie - not saying to have just serious movies for them , humour ones too
yes , but rather see them in different roles to what they have been playing in their more recent movies like this one and new york minute .
( note : i am from australia so excuse my weird spelling like reognise with the s instead of z )
this movie is not funny .
it just takes the d&d nerd stereotypes and amplifies them .
all the main characters make less than 30k
a year , they all live with their parents , they 're all socially retarded , and they have no luck with women .
the jokes are horrible and unimaginative , such as two of the gamers getting beat up by a black midget because one of them had a kkk looking hood on ( it was his wizard costume ) and the other guy had on a john rocker
warm up ( oh how funny , he 's a nerd so he does n't know about sports ) .
you may have to be a childish high - schooler to find any of this stuff funny .
poorly done mockmuntaries are so painful to watch , but obviously extremely cheap to make .
i feel sorry for kelly lebrock and beverly d'angelo .
i guess these are the only opportunities available for hotties way past their prime .
the night evelyn came out of the grave
( emilio miraglia - italy 1971).i only watched this delirious piece of euro - tosh in the way of alpha video 's dreadful dvd - release ( looks like an extremely bad video - transfer ) , but from what i saw , not nearly interesting enough to purchase no shame 's recent dvd - release .
considering their excellent track record , it will undoubtedly be a major improvement over all previous releases .
and do n't pay attention to the ridiculous cover shown here , it 's not taken from this film ( some girl holding the head of a jim carrey look - a - like).spaghetti western star anthony steffen sports a hip hairdo and assumes the role of lord alan cunningham , a man haunted by the memory of his dead wife evelyn .
this leads to a nervous breakdown which has him being retained in a psychiatric clinic .
once released , cunningham channels this trauma by taking redheaded prostitutes to his countryside castle , subjecting them to vicious acts of torture .
his doctor and friend , richard timberlane ( what do you mean , italian horror names sound " made up ? " ) , advises him to forget the past and remarry
but cunningham is obsessed with evelyn and even organizes a séance at the castle .
eventually , after killing some more girls , he meets gladys , another redhead , and marries her almost immediately , but the arrival of his new wife spawns a series of sinister events .
bloodthirsty creatures strike at sir alan 's family , killing them off one by one .
becoming more distraught , cunningham visits evelyn 's tomb and discovers it to be empty .
soon , a number of " outsiders " begin to suspect something fishy is going on in the castle and lord cunningham 's treatment might not have been that successful after all .
director emilio miraglia tries to blend gothic horror with giallo conventions with limited success .
as usual , not the slightest effort was made to convince audiences the film is set in england .
the cars drive on the right side of the road , everyone looks very mediterranean and the castle ( and the rest of the architecture ) is patently italian .
this is common practice in italian horror , but sometimes they just take this a little too far .
the bad print made this even slightly bearable , since it 's so dark , you could n't see much of the surroundings anyway .
but , then again , this is the kind of film where anything can happen in the name of exploitation and depicting reality is n't really the issue .
a large part consists of sado - masochistic torture scenes in the castle torture chamber , but most of the time , anthony steffen hams his way through this and shows some horrible over - acting .
i guess it all depends on your state of mind and this can be a fun piece of nonsense if you 're in the right mood .
i just could n't take it , at least not with the print i watched .
a pleasant score though by bruno nicolai which combines easy - listening tunes with some psychedelic rock numbers .
camera obscura --- 4/10
steven what have you done you have hit an all new low .
it is weird since steven 's last film shadow man was directed by the same director who did this trash .
shadow man was good
this was diabolically bad so bad
it was n't
even funny steven is hardly in the movie and feels like he is in a cameo appearance and when he is in the film he is dubbed half the time anyway .
as for the action well let 's just say the wizard of oz had more action than this trash there is hardly any action in the film and when it does finally arrive it is boring depressing badly shot so called action scenes .
seagal hardly kills anyone unlike his over films where he goes one man army ie under siege 1 and 2 and exit wounds .
the plot is so confusing with so many plot holes that it does n't make scenes sometimes .
flight of fury better be good what a shame i wasted 5 pounds on this garbage 0 out of ten better luck next time
you just got to love opening sequences like the one in " seven women for satan "   during the intro there 's a naked girl running through the woods , chased by a hunting dog and a malignant looking dude on a horse , until she falls off a cliff and splits her head open on a rock .
then the camera zooms out on the face of the guy and we notice how he 's simply sitting behind a desk whilst his secretary waiting for him to sign some papers .
oh i 'm sorry , i was lost in my thoughts  " he then says !
sweet , i have stumbled upon yet another completely bonkers movie .
even if you only understand a minimum of french and have a look at the original title , you immediately know that " seven women for satan " has n't got anything to do with satan or ritual sacrifices , but simply revolves on the flamboyant escapades of a perverted and mentally unstable count during his weekend in the countryside .
this is , in fact , another sleazy variation on the classic milestone " the most dangerous game " about a lunatic 's disturbing hobby of hunting people  preferably hot naked chicks - in the forest for sports .
well actually , this is more than just a variation on the 1932 classic , as writer / director / actor michel lemoine had the pretension to directly link his protagonist to leslie banks ' legendary villain in " the most dangerous game " .
count zaroff supposedly is the original count zaroff 's son but he exchanged his private island for the remote french countryside .
he also ca n't afford to be unemployed anymore , so he 's an office clerk from monday to friday and a maniacal killer during the weekend .
zaroff is a genuine weirdo who hallucinates about dancing with deceased woman but actually runs his car over the live ones .
his butler once pledged to prevent the zaroffs from killing , but he 's obviously doing a lousy job .
there is n't any depth in the screenplay and
the build - up certainly does n't pay attention to suspense or sinister atmosphere .
really , the only useful thing to do during this film is count the girls that are lured for zaroff 's deceptive trap and hope they 'll reach seven rapidly .
half of the film is pointless and tedious padding footage , like the overlong erotic dance act in which a statue inexplicably transforms into a muscular black guy ( ? ? ? ) , and the other half exists of psychedelic sleaze that eventually grows tiresome as well even though all the girls look ravishing .
i have the impression that it was michel lemoine 's intention to imitate his pal jean rollin and make a deliriously kinky sex - thriller . "
seven women for satan " is a french production , so inevitably it also stars jess franco regular howard vernon ( " the awful dr. orloff " , " zombie lake " ) .
lemoine himself surely has the looks of a crazy killer , but not the talent to depict one .
i found the pace to be glacial and the original story blown way out of proportion to the content .
my wife slept through most of it
and i did not try to wake her because i felt she was not missing anything .
when holmes and watson enter the house and then are potentially caught , it is unclear how they could hide all of their entry and burglary tools so quickly .
it is also unclear how the door to the study is locked , preventing the servants from getting in .
the thing that puzzled me was right at the end when there was a glint in the eye of the broken statute .
i have no clue what this was supposed to represent .
last week , i took a look at the weekly nielsen ratings , and there was veronica mars , supposedly " the best show you 're not watching" .
well , they 're right that you 're not watching it .
it aired twice and was ranked 147 and 145 out of 147.translation : this is the lowest - rated show on any nationally broadcast network ... and
deservedly so .
i tried to watch it a couple of times because of all the press coverage hyping it as a " great " show , a " realistic look " at life and all such nonsense .
the reality was otherwise .
veronica mars is a bore .
it 's as unrealistic as it gets , and it richly deserves to be canceled .
the only mystery is why cw felt compelled to put on its inaugural schedule the lowest - rated show in memory , after two years of continued commercial and artistic failure .
i 'm the sort of person who went down to the local library and read books on babbage 's difference engine whilst my schoolmates were playing football etc ..
so , if there is any such thing as a target audience for this film , then i guess i 'd probably be included in that .
maybe i just need to watch it again .
a previous reviewer mentioned not to watch this film whilst being tired .
maybe that was my mistake .
i tried my best to enjoy this film , and there are aspects of it that i do like , but overall i found it amateurish and quite plodding .
being somewhat of a self confessed computer nerd , i just ca n't help but pick up on the exact time frame when the movie was actually made , and how the employed graphics reflect that time ( i.e. 1997 ) .
having played games of the era c.f . "
mind grind " to cite one example , this film can not escape that 16-bit colour low res multimedia explosion of that time .
now thankfully this has somewhat lessened in more recent years in the gaming world at least , in favour of actual game play .
having to resort to watching this movie via a german fta satellite channel ( as i do n't think it 's ever been aired on uk fta tv , well not recently anyway ) , i was mildly amused to see the end credits note
gottdog ( god dog ) had 4 people working on it 's design .
maybe it 's mean spirited of me to be amused by this , given that ten years have elapsed since the movie was made , nevertheless the end result makes movie graphics from the eighties look good by comparison .
but , as for the main story , i agree that the format is n't the best idea .
like others i agree that ada deserves a film without the sci - fi angle , and a more straightforward biographical approach would perhaps be better suited to covering the life story of this remarkable lady .
there are fundamental mistakes that undermine my enjoyment of this movie .
first of all the underlying idea that somehow lost real - world information from the past can be accurately reconstructed through some sort of extrapolation via software based intelligent agents , seems somehow ludicrous .
also , the theme running through the movie that a computing device can indeed predict the mechanics of all things through the course of time ( e.g. the winds ) is now known not to be the case .
ok , so the victorians may have held this view , but the 20th century works of gödel proving that no mathematical system can be complete , turing 's works on the limits of computability , not to mention chaos theory and quantum mechanics , have all completely undermined these ideas , which seem central to how the modern day researcher 's software is supposed to work .
finally , the clicking of the mouse in the air to mean " programming " is also just plain wrong , as previously mentioned .
this film maybe could have been ok , but at least some technical and scientific consultation would have given the film some much needed credit in the believability stakes .
i wo n't forget the film though , as like " pi " , it is clearly a unique work , but with too many fatal mistakes for me to truly enjoy it , 3/10 from me .
michael caine has always claimed that ashanti was " the only film ( he ) did purely for the money " as well as " the worst film he ever starred in " .
hold on , michael , were n't you in the swarm and hurry sundown ?
and were n't both of those films a good deal worse than ashanti ?
perhaps caine remembers only too begrudgingly the physically punishing demands of filming an action film in searing 130 degrees
fahrenheit temperatures ( the director , richard fleischer , was hospitalised as a result of sun - stroke during the shoot ) .
what ashanti actually emerges as is not the career low - point of michael caine .
instead , it is a very average chase thriller with a talented cast , exotic locations , boring stretches and a highly formulaic storyline .
david linderby ( caine ) is a w.h.o medic who is left devastated when his black wife anansa ( beverly johnson ) goes missing during an aid trip to an african tribal village .
linderby gradually realises that his wife has been snatched by slave traders - led by suleiman ( peter ustinov ) - and he sets off on a continent - wide pursuit which eventually leads to the middle east .
along the way , big stars pop in for ineffective and superfluous guest roles .
william holden has a poor cameo as a chopper pilot ; omar sharif displays little of his customary charm or grace as a pampered arab millionaire ; rex harrison looks rightfully bored during his brief role as a helpful contact who assists caine in his quest .
the film is based on a best - seller entitled ebano , by the little - known author alberto vasquez - figueroa , but the suspense that made the book so popular is largely absent in this adaptation .
ustinov is charismatic as the slaver ( he seems in all his movies to be incapable of giving bad performances ) , and caine generates believable anguish as the man who thinks he 'll never see his wife again .
there are occasional flashes of action , but on the whole ashanti is quite slow - moving .
all in all , it is a resistible piece of action hokum - not by any stretch as awful as caine has frequently suggested , but not a very inspiring film and certainly a let - down from all the talent involved .
what ever happened to one of the most innovative and brilliant storytellers of our time ?
well , he made the kind of typical summer action fodder that could 've been directed by anybody available out of film school ...
and in fact , they probably would 've done a better job .
they would 've at least have put half of a thought into the dreadful script .
mark wahlberg plays an astronaut who traveled through some sort of wormhole and landed in a planet ruled by apes .
( gasp ! )
except this time around , the apes squirm through groan - worthy dialogue , nonsensical plotting , and showy special effects that constantly reinforce in my mind that this money could 've been put to about 10 independent films that would have been considered ' masterpiece ' next to this tripe .
as much as i enjoy the superb acting talent that is tim roth , his performance as evil ape leader thade is nothing more than an intense composition of slouching and heavy breathing .
luckily for him , the makeup allows he as an actor to maintain some dignity and most of the crap - dialogue is hidden behind his groans and sniffles .
and alas , the always dependable hollywood tradition of taking the male and female leads and hooking them up at the end without any relationship development or cause .
and the " haha , we 're so clever , are n't we ? " way that hollywood intermingles references from the original pota into this one .
sigh ...
instead of seeing this , spend the night in and call up some friends and rent ' ed wood ' , ' edward scissorhands ' , ' batman ' , or even to a lesser extent ' sleepy hollow ' , and reminisce about the days when tim burton was a man of vision and originality ... not shame and ridicule .
anyone giving this movie a good review obviously must have had something to do with its creation .
this movie is a painful suckfest .
the acting is stiff , the stock generic soundtrack is laughable , the direction is bland and strangest of all , the teacher really is n't all that attractive ( making the student 's blatant advances all the more awkward ) .
the creative minds behind this trash should disband and spread out to prevent further displays of such concentrated craptitude .
i 'm certain that some starving kids in africa could have used the money squandered on this project .
hell , the funds would have also seen a more enlightened purpose fueling a crack - addict ; at least someone would be getting some entertainment out of it .
for the sole reason that it did n't give me a terminal illness , i 'll give this film a two .
let me start by saying that i consider myself to be one of the more ( most!)open - minded movie - viewers ...
movies are my passion , and i am a big regular at my local cult - movie - rental - place ...
i also feel the need to add that they often ask me for advice about movies whenever i get there , and i never seem to be able to leave the place without having had an elaborate discussion or exchange of ideas about what is going on in the cult - movie - area ...
i love to rent strange stuff , and that is exactly why this movie was recommended by one of the guys at the cult - movie - video - place .
he told me he thought i had to see this , and since the cover said something about it being a movie with a jodorowsky(one of my favorites!)atmosphere , i rented it .
the vote i gave here is not really fair , because i did not think it was awful
, i just did not know how to rate it otherwise .
a question mark would have been more appropriate ...
this is the first and only film that literally made me sick to my stomach : i actually felt physically ill !
am i the only one whose stomach literally turned ?
still i did not want to turn it off , or maybe i just could n't because i was fascinated in a nasty way ...
i do not ever wanna see this movie again .
not awful , a 1 as i said .
just not my cup of tea(or wodka for that matter ) ...
i think a round of applause is in order for whoever pieced together the trailer for rogue pictures ' latest release , ' the return ' .
i myself , along with everyone else have been duped into believing it is in fact a horror film .
on the contrary though , its actually a supernatural thriller .
too bad it is not the least bit thrilling .
'the return ' stars sarah michelle gellar as joanna mills , a young woman who has had personal problems since the age of eleven .
it was at that age that she began having haunting visions depicting the murder of a woman whom she has never met .
while in texas on a business trip , she is led by these visions to the murdered woman 's hometown , la salle .
there she comes face to face with another person who has frequently appeared in her visions .
a man by the name of terry stahl , who is played by peter o'brien .
joanna is now on a desperate search for answers .
a search that could in the end result in her very own murder .
i really do n't know where to begin here folks .
which should i mention first ?
the atrocious acting , hideous directing , or the terribly bland story ?
no matter which one i choose my point behind each is the same : they simply suck .
adam sussman 's screenplay is downright moronic .
its not interesting .
its not compelling .
its just plain unpleasant .
i kept waiting for something to jumpstart the " film " ( i 've placed quotations around film because i do n't believe ' the return ' deserves to be called an actual film due to
it 's foulness . )
and at least give it some slight chance of hope , but nothing ever happened .
i was left out in an unbearable cold to freeze .
not even stellar performances from the actors themselves could have saved this disaster .
of course they probably knew this having read the script then agreeing to do the " film " .
i assume this is why the acting was so awful .
at least that 's what i 'm choosing to believe .
i really hope the cast does n't pride themselves on their performances .
they need immediate medical attention if they do .
now the directing was unmistakably bad , but i ca n't quite crucify asif kapadia entirely .
( well i could , but i wo n't since i 'm such a nice guy . )
i look at ' the return ' as a test for kapadia because for all of you that do n't know , this is his first full - length feature " film " .
he 's just getting his foot in the door and still learning .
next time around , well if there is a next time , hopefully he will have improved vastly .
the only thing he was able to accomplish here was almost completely duplicating the visual style of marcus nispel 's 2003 re - make of ' the texas chainsaw massacre ' .
now that 's nice
the " film " was given that , but unfortunately he still wo n't be receiving any kudos from me for that .
copying someone else 's work is n't something i consider to be praise worthy .
( even if it is from a film i very much enjoyed.)i think jim sonzero 's american re - make of ' pulse ' will now have to fork over the title of worst film of the year to ' the return ' .
it beyond question is deserving of the title in almost every imaginable way .
now i do n't doubt this will make a small , and i mean very small , profit .
no matter what though , it wo n't surpass or even parallel the fluke success of gellar 's previous acting effort , ' the grudge ' .
on that note , there 's one last thing i 'd like to add .
i can honestly say i had never been embarrassed to have been seen leaving a theater auditorium until seeing ' the return ' .
that is something i never wish to experience again , along with the " film " itself .
for the record , this film is intriguing but its hardly original .
back in 1998 a movie starring talia shire called the landlady had almost the exact same plot but with younger characters .
the story is amanda lear has had a bad life , abusive father , horny doctor , mental homes , etc .
she 's finally released from the happy home under the guidance of her perverted doctor ... who she anally abuses and kills the poor guy .
( now that was original )
the doctor had financed a mansion for her before she killed him and buried the sucker in the backyard .
after moving in she falls in love with a stud named richard , who just happens to be married to a blues singer .
if you 've seen the landlady you know the rest , she kills or tries to kill anyone that gets in between her and richard ( including a roadie).much of the idea 's came from the previous movie , same idiot sidekick that sticks his nose in , same spying on the guy with a bowl of popcorn , same flying a bodypress .
it did have some original material , the beer bottle thing was brutal .
the highlight of the movie was amanda 's beautiful breasts in the hot - top scene .
somewhat of a ripoff but not a total waste of time.4 out of 10
if you are one of the people who finds " according to jim " great television comedy , this is going to rock your world .
and might i add , kudos for proving that good talent , good writing and a charismatic star
are all you really need on any network other than abc , which prefers to air crap like jim belushi 's show year after year .
"k-911 " is a big , steaming , brown , german shepherd - sized " thank you " for all of the geniuses who loved the first movie .
it 's exactly what fans of that film and the lesser belushi deserve .
jim 's comedic chops and choice in projects are never far behind his ability to butcher a blues standard .
look for him to try to showcase all of his diverse lacks of talent into every project he hurls at the public like a surly zoo chimpanzee .
if you enjoy jim 's work , this movie is your reward .
i have never commented on imdb before , but i feel i have to after watching the batman animation .
its absolute rubbish !
warner brothers had the perfect animation series in batman in the early 90s
so what the hell are they doing trying to mess with the winning formula ?
i feel like writing a complaint letter to wb .
the original animation was dark and brooding , exactly the way batman was intended to be .
wb had to mess this up with some tripe batman of the future .
now they produce this drivel .
the joker does n't remotely resemble the joker from dc comics .
dc should sue .
i urge everyone who agrees with me to email or write to wb and use people power to get back the original formula
booted out of heaven , a gang of horny naked female angels ( with big plastic fangs ) have taken up residence in a spooky forest where they feed upon any hapless souls who should wander by .
it 's not long before a group of friends on a road trip are falling victim to the bloodthirsty babes  
an independent low budget horror made in the uk , forest of the damned takes an interesting premise and flushes it down the pan with some of the worst acting , effects and direction i have seen in a long time .
director johannes roberts shows some occasional flair behind the camera 
the scenes in the delapidated house are fairly tense and there are some deftly handled ' shock ' moments - but for the most part the film is technically amateurish .
throw in some truly awful performances from horror icons tom savini and shaun hutson , and you have one real bad movie on your hands .
some fun may be derived from the film 's sheer shoddiness , and there is loads of female nudity for the guys to savour , but most will find this a chore to sit through .
i know that in this episode there 's other stuff apart from what i am going to discuss , and in fact i think it has some virtues
; for example , the fact , after we had been given a very negative opinion of jin from seeing sun 's flashbacks in " house of the rising sun " , we get to see jin 's side of things and get a new , more balanced understanding of his life .
but there is an element in this story that made me so deeply uncomfortable that it greatly dampened my enjoyment of the whole episode .
before now , in the scene where jin appeared with blood on his hands and shirt , it had been hinted that sun 's father was someone who was getting rich through shady , illegal methods .
i thought maybe he was a mob boss , even ; mobs operate in korea , just like in almost every other country in the world , so it was a reasonable possibility .
however , in this episode we learn that sun 's father is in fact the boss ( or a top executive ) of a korean automotive company , and that what jin had been doing was physically attacking a government official ( who was actually going to be murdered ) on his behalf .
i may be especially touchy about this because i happen to work in the automotive industry , but i would say it is spectacularly offensive and racist to even suggest that this kind of thing goes on in korea ;
that huge , serious companies like hyundai or kia ( which must be the model for this fictitious car company , as they are the only ones that actually exist in reality ) operate with these mafia - like methods , instead of like any normal automotive company of the west .
it is just unbelievable to me that the writers would have the gall to write something like that into the story , and that there has n't been an uproar in korea over it .
it feels like extraneous " buy american ! "
propaganda , portraying foreign car companies as criminal , untrustworthy , third - world outfits .
guys who - ever even thinks about watching this movie has already got some disturbance going through their heads ..
this movie has nothing to do with jack the ripper
( incase you thought )
its another b , i mean e - grade movie comprised of a bunch of horny teens in certain sex scenes being watched just before they get their spleens splattered on a nearby tree .
its not scary , funny or amusing .
if you really feel like gory stuff with no plot , then watch cabin fever
, at least the director did not fall asleep midway through directing this crap.only watch this if you absolutely have nothing to do in life & the only thing on tv
is oprah winfrey crying on the tv set .
this was the worst movie i have ever seen !
molly ( molly hall ) could not act at all !
she had no emotion
it was all blah blah blah like she was reading out of a boring text book .
the smart kid and the kid who loves food ( there names were n't worth remembering )
were so annoying it drove me crazy .
when ever the talked it was about some scientific thing or food .
mollys dad did n't show enough emotion about his daughter missing .
the police officer and mollys dad said the same thing like four times .
it was just horrible .
everything was repeated way to much .
beatrice should have had something bad happen to her for being so mean .
i just wasted a moment in my life by watching this movie !
seriously , i mean very seriously , when i first started watching the show i thought it was good .
but the plots just got worse .
the storyline were either too boring or predictable .
george is n't always funny , he sometimes acts stupid .
his jokes are overdone .
his mom is the silliest character of the show .
how can a mother treat her own son that way ,
okay if it was the daughter in law , but this was her own son .
i give this show a 4/10 just because the first few shows were a little funny .
the actors constance marie and masiela lusha do a great job .
do n't know how these shows get to play for so long .
if you 're really bored like i was and have nothing else to watch , i 'd suggest you watch this .
one of the worst movies i ever saw .
my only thought was : " how can i get my money back from hollywood video " .
this is no way worth four dollars , or any dollars .
i think it was an attempt to rip off the mexican , or vin diesel 's movies , but it failed miserably to do this .
the acting was terrible , i felt sorry for the actors that they could n't find something better to do with their time .
the story was ridiculous .
we were calling out the lines ahead of the actors , it was so predictable .
the mexican accent of the leading lady was insultingly exaggerated , worse than a cartoon .
skip it .
i do n't know what i missed here , but i ca n't believe all these positive comments by so many people on this film .
i thought it was silly , and a bit over the top .
i did like the performances of gregg henry and michael rooker , however the others were just ... boring .
now i like b movies , i really do , but this was a bit further down the alphabet for me .
i saw someone compare the humor and horror in this to " army of darkness " and " shaun of the dead " , as well as " on par with the re - animator " .
you must be joking .
i did n't find this film funny
, it tried , it did make an effort , ( possibly too much of an effort ) , but it failed in my opinion .
by the time i was hit with the 3rd or 4th one - liner i was rolling my eyes and checking my watch .
there were definitely homages made to several other films , which is always cool , kind of like an inside joke for us horror fans .
but here it may have just been a lack of original thought .
admittedly there were some nice special effects , good gore , but that ca n't carry an entire movie .
the mutated grant looked like a cross between jabba the hut , and in the early stages of mutation-
chet from " weird science " ( after he was turned into the monster ) and one of the alien creature / children from " the explorers " .
it just did n't work .
i thought it looked like something some kid from grade 5 art class could have designed .
then there was brenda , the woman that grant impregnated and chained up in the barn .
when help finally arrived she looked like a giant tick waiting to be popped .
the design once again was totally unimaginative .
a round flesh colored balloon with a face in the middle .
* yawn
* now about the zombies-
the more movies i see with zombies in them these days
the more i wish george a. romero had a patent on them and was the only writer / director allowed to make movies about them .
he 's the only person so far to do it right , with the exception of edgar wright and simon pegg ( but that was a comedy ) .
oh , and danny boyle , but they were a different style of zombie .
maybe mr. romero has ruined any zombie film for me due to his ingenious ability to get his actors to moan , groan and shamble about as if their joints are dried up and lacking even a drop of synovial fluid , and their muscles are fighting the effects caused by rigor mortis that had started to set in right before they were re - animated .
the people of " wheelsy " just did n't have the proper motivation ...
they were horrible zombies .
so in the end i give " slither " a 3 , for a couple of laughs and a few nice gore scenes .
envy stars some of the best .
jack black , ben stiller , amy poehler , and the great christopher walken .
with such a cast , one can only expect the best .
however , with " envy " , no one could save this disaster .
tim dingman ( stiller ) and nick vanderpark ( black ) are best friends and co - workers at a sandpaper factory .
both are making a decent living , but because tim has a better performance at work , he 's able to afford more than his buddy nick .
nick is a dreamer who 's always coming up with new ideas for inventions .
one day , nick comes up with the idea for a spray
can that makes dog poop disappear ( yes , i 'm serious ) .
falling in love with the idea , nick decides to really invent this product .
he makes an offer to tim to invest in his idea and share the profits 50/50 .
tim refuses thinking the idea will never work .
nick 's invention , titled " va - poo - rize " ( again , i 'm serious ) , ends up making millions .
he enjoys spending his money on things like a much larger house , a horse , a personal trainer , and fancy deserts .
tim starts feeling envy for nick .
hence the name of the movie .
the concept is n't bad , but it still turns out awful .
this movie contains some of the worst dialog and very poor performances from all the cast .
then again , as i mentioned earlier , none of them could save this mess .
not even the great christoper walken , playing a homeless character named " j - man " , made this movie funny .
the movie is bad from the start and only continues to get worse .
i recommend this movie if : * you like crap ( no pun intended )
* you want to see jack black in a white tuxi say , avoid this movie at all costs , but avoid especially if : * you 're offended by bathroom humor
* you love animals
i remembered this show from when i was a kid .
i could n't remember too much about it , just a few minor things about the characters .
for some reason i remembered it being really intense .
also it was on really really early in the morning up in pa .
i finally , after looking around the web for a long time , found an episode .
the first episode no - less .
criminey !
this show was so horrible .
it was obviously just made to show kids playing lazer tag and having a great time .
the show opens with bhodi li telling his mommy " my names
not christopher
, i 'm bhodi li - photon warrior ! ! ! ! !
" we then are forced to watch kids playing lazer tag to the song " foot loose " .
and not just a quick little bit , but the whole song .
ahhhhhhhhh my brain hurts just thinking about it .
oh yeah ,
and as if i could n't get worse , you ca nt even see the laser beams from their guns .
its like they 're just running around to the entire " foot loose " song .
later on , after bhodi goes up into space or where - ever , they have a crappy laser gun fight to the phil collins song " su - su - sudio .
ah , trust me , you do n't want to know the rest .
what can i say ......
the light shines ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
this movie is so bad , it 's comical .
in fact , mystery science theatre 3000 , the television show in which three characters watch and parody bad movies , used this very film to mock .
i suggest watching it ( maybe on youtube ) instead of actually seeing this movie .
please , do not see hobgoblins if you 're not prepared to stop within the first scene .
actually , do not see this movie , period .
please .
at least not seriously .
its jokes are not funny ( to say the least ) , and you 'll have much more fun parodying or watching a parody of it then viewing the movie .
you may feel yourself becoming sick upon watching , so spare yourself .
read a book .
do the laundry .
anything is more fun than watching hobgoblins .
there was such a hype about a game show with bill shatner ... and especially right in the wake of deal or no deal and 1 vs 100 .
so , of course everyone had to tune in to see what all the fuss was about on the new game show .
what a disappointment !
as ben stein so stoically and nasally says , " wooww" .
the only thing likable about this show was the fact that you knew it would eventually be over .
sitting through a full hour of it was like going to the dentist ...
you find yourself looking at the clock in what you think are 10 minute intervals , only to find out that only a minute has passed ( but seemed like an eternity ) since you last glanced at the clock .
so , why did n't i just switch the channel ?
well , probably for the same reason most other people didn't ... out of sheer optimism .
i mean , no one really * wants * to think that a show with bill shatner could actually be so bad.personally , from the first 15 minutes
, i never thought this was the kind of vehicle that would showcase the talents of william shatner .
my chief complaint was that the set was so dark .
watching it left me feeling depressed .
you kept on wanting to get ahold of a little excitement , but there was just none to be had .
there was not even enough light on the set to get a feel of energy from the audience ( who you could n't even see).dear network : people do not watch game shows to cure their insomnia ...
they watch game shows to be excited and have a good time .
please do us all a favor and lose this in the vault .
me and a friend rented this movie because it sounded really good .
but we were wrong .
first of the acting ....
wow ...
the acting was the worst , the effects were really bad as well
, it seemed like a film a college kid made .
the plot was pretty good , but it 'd been done .
the thing that ruined the movies the most were the actors .
the main guy was the worst actor ever ...
it 's a shame i 'm even calling him an actor ...
the only good thing about this movie was
it was so bad
it was funny ...
so if you want a good laugh see it .... but other than that ... stay far away from this one .
i usually love b list movies and such , but
this one ...
i do not know how it was passed to even be put on video ...
this one is the worst i 've seen ..
and i 've seen some bad ones .
" the rainmaker " released in 1956 - has some of the finest actors of its time .
katharine hepburn , lloyd bridges , and burt lancaster being the principle players .
not even they can save this completely over acted melodrama .
first of all , hepburn is horribly miscast as a shy spinster - despite her brilliance as an actress , not even she can pull this off .
she is too strong to be credible as being this much of a simpleton , and was just too old for the part .
lancaster over acts to the extreme , and earl holliman is way too hammy and comes off more like jethro clampett .
only bridges and the ever reliable wendell corey seem to rise above the cast a bit - but even they can only do so much .
it seems like the 1950 's was a time when katharine hepburn wanted to spread her wings a bit as an actress , and that is fine .
she just made a bad choice here .
fortunately for her fans ( me being among them ) she did n't make too many of them .
despite an a - list cast and good production values , it does n't work .
one night i was waiting for my friends to come back to the apt and " gymkata " happened to be on ; i watched way too much of it .
it is indeed hilarious , and horrifying , really .
think about it this way --
if in your job you had an idea for something this bad and went on to execute it in as terrible a fashion as this , how long exactly would you last ?
not as long as this movie .
it 's a must - see , obviously .
i have seen this movie many times , ( and recently read the book the movie is based on ) and every time i see it
, i just want to slap all four of them .
the fact that they do n't clue in to the fact that tom hank 's character is flipping into his d&d(oops m&m ) :)
persona ( " oh , he 's just acting in character . " )
outside of the gaming session .
that and the fact that after three months of therapy , let 's just destroy all that and feed his delusions !
these kind of people are what give rpgs a bad name .
also the corny ' love ballad ' , and the music done by ' cat on a piano ' and
' stop us if we get too annoying ' are almost enough to set your teeth on edge !
they had such potential for this movie and they completely fall flat .
in the first cruel intentions , we are left wondering what motivated the lead characters to become the way they are and act the way they do .
there is almost no character development whatsoever in this prequel .
it 's actually a very sad story but this film did nothing for me .
it was as if they left out good writing in place of unneeded f - words .
and the end makes absolutely no sense and does n't explain anything .
the writing was just terrible .
another thing that bothered me was that they used at lease 3 of the exact same lines that were in the original .
such as " down boy " , or the kissing scene , and a few others i ca n't remember .
i was not impressed at all by robin 's acting , but amy did a great job .
that 's about the only thing that reconciled this movie .
as a teenager , i was pretty into the whole bigfoot thing - i read the books and followed the reported sightings .
as a more jaded adult , i 've largely given up on the big guy now , but do n't mind watching the odd movie when i come across one .
this one had a few strong points to it - mainly , the recreations of two of the more famous bigfoot encounters - the ape canyon incident of 1924 and the bauman incident of c.1850 as related to and by teddy roosevelt , both of which i 'm somewhat familiar with from that youthful reading i did .
the movie takes for granted that both incidents involved a sasquatch , whereas both incidents have more plausible explanations , but the recreations were well done .
there 's also homage paid at the beginning of the movie to the famous patterson video , again taking for granted its authenticity .
the sasquatch encounter at the end of the movie was also very well done and had a very creepy feel to it as the sasquatch were portrayed mainly in the shadows or as hairy feet running past the terrified men .
unfortunately , in total those four things might have composed about 20 minutes , whereas the movie as a whole is slightly over an hour and a half .
it 's the fictional story ( done in a documentary style ) of an expedition to a remote area of northern british columbia , to the suspected home range of the sasquatch .
a computer had targeted this area based on sightings and - in one of the more amusing scenes in the movie - the computer also used " eyewitness sightings " to draw a picture of a sasquatch that looked exactly like the " creature " of the patterson video !
aside from those 20 minutes i mentioned , we basically watch this expedition travel , which means we get to watch a bunch of guys go on a long camping trip .
i 've been on camping trips with the guys .
let me tell you - they 've never been worthy of a movie .
interspersed among the long stretches of boredom are some nice wildlife shots ( although one suspects that canned footage was used , or perhaps even captive animals performing as wild animals ) and there are some spectacular scenery shots , except that the scenery is n't of northern british columbia , it 's from national parks in oregon .
i did appreciate that we were never given a real picture of the sasquatch , so we did n't have to deal with the bad makeup that would have been part of this .
all day now i 've been watching dinosaurs , and all day they 've had the same fundamental problem .
they do n't believe in firearms .
they just do n't seem to have been _ told _ about them or something .
bullets _ bounce _ off of dinosaurs !
maybe it 's because they became extinct millions of years before the invention of gunpowder , and the laws of physics were just different back then ...
aah , no .
come on .
if they 're close enough to chemically operate today , they 'd have to be vulnerable to fast ( even subsonic ) lead projectiles .
it 's that simple .
look , the toughest - skinned reptiles on the planet today , alligators and crocodiles , are completely vulnerable to basic rifle fire .
they 're nothing magic .
you can shoot a pistol round right through the heavy scales on their backs .
they do n't take armor - piercing bullets or anything special .
small bullets penetrate them , they just do n't kill them .
somewhat ( but not really )
large bullets are preferred because the challenge ( as with most game ) is to kill the animal with one shot , so it does n't run .
( hunters consider it immoral to allow prey to run off and die unharvested.)most animals , including predators , are easily repelled by gunfire .
between the noise , and the pain of even a non - lethal wound , most will run away .
an exception are big bears , which are so fearless that they 're merely enraged by mortal wounds .
cape buffalo are regarded as highly dangerous because they are well known to charge when wounded .
we 've seen video of the big bulls of a herd of cape buffalo rescuing a calf from an entire pride of lions .
a big cat will run if it can , but if it ca n't it will charge as a final act of desperation .
where a t.rex would fit in this spectrum is unknown .
their behavior simply has not been observed .
with these larger animals , safe hunting becomes a matter of applying an appropriately large and powerful projectile , and/or applying several of them rapidly enough to counter its charge .
with a t.rex , of course , this could be a serious problem .
i 've seen a t.rex skull ( they have one in the museum downtown ) and carrying a gun big enough to bust that might be impractical .
chewing its neck off with lots of smaller fire might be a more viable approach .
small bullets would still _ penetrate _ them , they would n't just bounce off just because the animal is too big to easily kill !
so here we have cortez and his men ( this is _ before _ the famous mexican campaign , apparently ) captured by american natives and scheduled for sacrifice on the pyramid .
it appears that all those human sacrifices were about appeasing the bloodthirst of the pair of t.rexes that terrorized the continent in the day .
rather than just having their hearts cut out and being fed to the lizards , cortez et al talk the aztecs into letting them hunt & kill them .
ok , maybe they do n't have m-16s like
the guys in the " carnosaur " series , but they _ do _ have flintlocks , crossbows , pointed sticks ( big ones , made from trees ) and swords .
maybe that 's a little less uneven than squads of soldiers with full auto , but they 've several guys
and i 'd quickly bet on them over a dinosaur .
oh , wait , there 's a _ cannon _ , about a 4-incher .
that 's just the ticket for busting a tyrannosaurus ' skull !
so they lay a trap , with a squad of men , cannon , pointed sticks in a ravine , and lure the first t.rex into it , using a pretty brown girl as bait .
cortez points out that they 'll not have time to reload , so they 'll have to close the range until they can be certain of their aim .
t.rex totally ignores their volley of flintlock fire , and we see both a crossbow bolt _ and _ the cannon ball _ bounce _ off !
forget it .
end of credibility .
a crossbow bolt would defeat cortez ' torso armor , and a 4 " cannon ball might penetrate the hull of a wooden ship !
this would also _
certainly _ get through the hide , ribcage , or skull of any animal ever to walk this planet .
( do you think a _ whale _ could withstand a 4 " cannon ball ? )
and here 's
t.rex , still standing , not even bleeding .
so cortez lures it to the ravine , where it falls onto the pointed sticks , which ( i guess by magic ) penetrate it and kill it .
yaaay , pointed sticks !
the dinos are n't completely invulnerable to gunfire - they manage to put out an eye of the second one with a pistol .
this runs it off , so it 's not as mean as a bear or a buffalo , at least in the movies .
they kill the second dinosaur with a bomb - made from a gourd filled with gunpowder and gemstones .
my money would still be on the cannon .
it 's engineered function is to concentrate all the gunpowder 's energy in one direction - toward the target .
a bomb is a much more diffused application of force .
a _ real _ bomb ( not a gourd bomb ) has a steel casing which contains the explosion to extremely high pressure .
( think :
pipe bomb vs firecracker . )
a pile of gunpowder set on fire will simply go poof .
( trust me on that one . )
the plot is plausible but banal , i.e. , beautiful and neglected wife of wealthy and powerful man has a fling with a psychotic hunk , then tries to cover it up as the psycho stalks and blackmails her .
but , what develops from there is stupefyingly illogical .
despite the resources that are available to the usual couple who has money and influence , our privileged hero and heroine appear to have only one domestic , their attorney and local police ( who say they can do nothing ) at their disposal while they grapple with suspense and terror .
they have no private security staff ( only a fancy security system that they mishandle ) , household or grounds staff , chauffeurs , etc .
not even , apparently , the funds to hire private round - the - clock nurses to care for the hero when he suffers life - threatening injuries , leaving man and wife alone and vulnerable in their mansion .
our heroine is portrayed as having the brains of a doorknob and our hero , a tycoon , behaves in the most unlikely and irrational manner .
the production is an insult to viewers who wasted their time with this drivel and a crime for having wasted the talents of veteran actors oliva hussey and don murray ( what were they thinking ? ) .
and , shame on lifetime tv for insulting the intelligence of its audience for this insipid offering .
the first noticeable problem about this awkwardly titled film is its casting .
ann nelson plays the grandma here .
three years after this , she would star in " airplane ! "
as the woman who hangs herself while listening to robert hays pine for julie hagerty .
i could not get that image out of my head .
matt boston is a fifteen year old with problems .
he has headaches .
his mother had a nervous breakdown .
his grandfather had a massive heart attack .
a chain smoking psychiatrist decides to find out what the devil is going on with this family .
first she hypnotizes grandma nelson .
nelson tells a tale in flashback that fills the entire first half of the film .
she and grandpa bought an rv , cheap , and drive it around to all the tourist traps in desert california .
the rv soon has a mind of its own , going off the road and such .
then , large boulders begin hurling themselves at it .
the elderly couple are appropriately afraid , but stay in the vehicle in order to move the plot along .
eventually , grandpa has a heart attack after being stranded on the rv roof when it goes for another unplanned ride .
boston 's mom begins talking to some native american mummies she has lying around the house .
she fancies herself an author , and makes copious notes about the musty corpses .
the psychiatrist reads the detailed notes , and uses her imagination to fill in the blanks .
we see the mother semi - flip out , but her mental breakdown occurs offscreen , much like gramps ' heart attack .
finally , the patient de resistance , little matt .
matt goes under the hypnosis gun and tells his own tale .
he thinks mom is wigging out ( this was made in 1977 ) .
apparently , mom is making the astral bodies of the native american mummies sort of fly through the air .
one hits matt like a bee hits a windshield , and matt begins acting all crazy .
the psychiatrist takes grandma and matt into the desert .
matt is inexplicably in a wheelchair now , and the trio confront the unseen ( and unexplained ) forces .
flocker has no sense of scene construction .
the one pro here involves the rv stranded in a salt flat in the desert .
in the distance , the couple notice some boulders rolling toward the rv .
this is a pretty creepy little scene that is eventually overplayed .
as the boulders begin hurling themselves toward the vehicle , the special effects become obvious .
the scenes where the rv runs off the highway , then back on again , take forever .
the scenes where grandpa is trapped on the rv roof as it careens down a dirt road takes forever .
mom 's conversations with the mummy take forever .
matt 's out of body experiences take forever .
this film takes forever .
i was tempted to hit the fast forward button at least a dozen times .
as scenes dragged on , it was obvious flocker was padding .
cut the fat here , and this would have clocked in at an hour .
the final " explanation , " that the mummies ' spirits were trying to kill those close to matt never holds water .
did they inhabit the rv ?
the film maker never brings up the fact that the spirits are no good at their murderous ways , they never kill anybody!as
i kept thinking of nelson in " airplane ! , " i also thought of other movies .
anything to keep me from falling asleep during this one .
boston is terrible as the kid , playing a fifteen year old as a cute ten year old who has a smart alecky line for all these adults who fall over themselves loving him .
in the end , flocker has written and directed a mess .
the title is just the beginning of this exercise in making the audience feel ill at ease .
this is not scary , and like the ghosts , you too can still walk ... away from this tape at the video store .
this is unrated , and contains some physical violence and mild profanity .
no mention if ann rivers siddons adapted the material for " the house next door " from her 1970s novel of the same title , or someone else did it .
this lifetime - like movie was directed by canadian director jeff woolnough .
having read the book a long time ago , we decided to take a chance when the film showed on a cable version of what was clearly a movie made for television .
you know that when the critical moments precede the commercials , which of course , one ca n't find in this version we watched .
the film 's star is lara flynn boyle who sports a new look that threw this viewer a curve because of the cosmetic transformation this actress has gone through .
from the new eyebrows to other parts of her body , ms. boyle is hardly recognizable as col kennedy , the character at the center of the mystery .
this was not one of the actress better moments in front of the camera .
that goes for the rest of the mainly canadian actors that deserved better .
the film has a feeling of a cross between " desperate houswives " with " the stepford wives " and other better known features , combined with a mild dose of creepiness .
the best thing about the movie was the house which serves as the setting .
visually stunning ?
most definitely .
i have seen few films look this good in some time .
sky captain and the world of tomorrow uses striking cinematography , computer graphics , and creative futuristic designs to create a world that is historically familiar yet something quite fresh .
the time period seems to be the 1930s or early 40s .
the movie tells of recent attacks on new york city by mechanized armies stealing generators and the like for some inexplicable reason .
also , mysterious disappearances of relevant scientific minds coincide .
who can stop them and save the world ?
alright , it does n't take a leap of faith to know it is the sky captain himself with his wisecracking reporter girlfriend always hot for a lead , and in the wings his trusty , thoroughly competent sidekick .
what sky captain has in atmosphere and graphics it lacks in storytelling and characterization .
the plot for this film is ridiculous .
that being said , the film is going for a serial - like feeling of film serials of yesteryear .
they had pretty far out stories and bad acting - but none of them , and i mean none of them , had the budget and big names this film had .
two academy award winning performers and jude law could keep a film afloat , one would think , but sky captain sinks miserably .
despite its fantastic dark look , i found myself wishing the film
would just end
and i could get on with my life .
i had little interest in a story that generated little interest .
i did n't care at all for any of the glib portrayals .
paltrow was just awful .
jolie was a joke with a role with virtually no substance .
law can not carry the one - liner tradition all too squarely on his limited shoulders .
i mean , let 's face it
, he 's not will smith , mel gibson , or even wesley snipes .
the sad thing about sky captain , at least for me , was that it held so much promise yet delivered so little .
i was bored ten minutes into the film - waiting for something to hook my interest - and it never came .
i once used wesley snipes ' name as a clue to go ahead and watch a new , untried film in which he appears .
so now , for the first time , my snipes - method of film recommendation has failed .
utterly .
i should first have come here to see these reviews .
snipes ought to be ashamed to allow his otherwise earnest efforts to be so wasted in " the contractor" .
one of my worst flick fears has come to bitter fruition .
i feared that the shaky , blurry , pseudo - documentary , " unconsidered " directing and editing style ( first brought to my attention by the paul greengrass - directed "
bloody sunday " ) might propagate to other films .
greengass ' sickening style was then brought to nauseatingly new heights in the last two of the bourne trilogy films .
my fear had come to pass .
in my opinion , these films are made really bad by these motion - sickness - inducing methods , which mistake blurry swipes for " action - enhancement " .
but the " bourne franchise , " as greengrass so loving calls his cash cow , apparently convinced others in hollywood to go unprofessional in the quest for fast , big bucks .
read my lips , you hollywood types .
action needs to be clearly photographed and presented , not merely hinted at by poor , lazy cinematographic techniques .
and " the contractor " goes so far as to emulate " the bourne ultimatum " in inanely - repeated sound bites , in hopes their juvenile ( apparently - evaluated ) audiences ca n't sense them .
for example , if i hear a cop radio crackling
" yankee - romeo " one more time , i 'll just scream .
the chances are good i wo n't hear it again : i certainly wo n't ever view " the contractor " again .
i recommend to those of you who have yet to see " the contractor " : just be content with the tranquility this lack affords to your life.2 out of 10 ; i am tempted to lower that to a 1 .
okay , so the previews to this film only tells you that a rebellious young girl goes to live with her grandmother for the summer in order to straighten out .
that is actually not the case !
it 's about a young rebellious 17 year old girl who reveals a secret
and it 's up to her mother to believe if she 's telling the truth or not .
to be honest , i really enjoyed the concept of this movie .
they had a really good plot and a really good theme of a love / hate relationship between mother and daughter .
i did not however , enjoyed watching lindsay lohan 's acting .
in reality , this movie would have been great if they had someone else , perhaps a better actress .
the character of rachel ( lohan ) is a very sexually aggressive person and it sort of reminds us of the real lindsay
so it takes away a lot from the film .
i do however , think that if you put lindsay aside , you will enjoy this film .
the ending is pretty great ( and sad ) .
very poor effort that offers pretty much nothing to anyone but a hardcore fan of stanley tucci , who tries , but can not save the poor structure , dialogue , direction , or talent of our leading man .
pretty much the only trick this plodding tale of a naive new salesman for an alarm company has , is its quirky side characters .
but without a realistic backdrop , such characters are pointless .
nothing to see here , keep moving ...
cheezy action movie starring dolph lungren .
lungren is a one time military man who has retreated into a teaching job .
but the changes in the neighborhood and the student body have left him frustrated and he decides that he?s going to hang it up .
things get dicey when while watching over a bunch of students in detention some robbers take over the school as a base of operation for an armored car robbery .
its dolph versus the baddies in a fight to the death .
jaw dropping throw back to the exploitation films of the late grindhouse era where bad guys dressed as punks and some of the bad women had day glow hair .
what a stupid movie .
watchable in a i can?t believe people made this sort of way , this is an action film that was probably doomed from the get go before the low budget , fake breakaway sets and poor action direction
were even a twinkle in a producers eye .
watch how late in the film as cars drive through the school ( don?t ask ) they crash into the security turret ( don?t ask since it looks more like a prison then a high school ) and smash its barely constructed form apart(it does n't look like it did in earlier shots ) .
what hath the gods of bad movies wrought ?
actually i?m perplexed since this was directed ( ? ) by sydney j furie , a really good director who made films like the boys in company c.
his ability failed him , or was this hopeless from the get go
and he did n't even bother ?
it?s a turkey .
a watchable one but a turkey none the less .
one has to wonder if at any point in the production of this film ascript existed that made any sense .
was the rough cut 3 hourslong and was it trimmed into the incoherent mess that survives ?
why would anyone finance this mess ?
i will say that tomwlaschiha is a good looking young man and he does what he canwith the dialogue and dramatic ( ? ) situations he is given .
butcharacters come and go for no apparent reason ,
continuity isnon - existent , and the acting , cinematography , and direction are ( toput it politely ) amateurish .
not one sleeps is an unfortunatechoice of title as it will probably prove untrue should anyoneactually attempt to actually watch this film .
it has a great name , but that s it and you wo nt get more than that for your money , in fact the first 30 - 40mins of the movie you might find it some kind of funny
but after that the story goes from one side to another with no particular reason
and you just ca nt understand what s happening until the action its gone .
and yet the producers ( roberto angel salcedo ) calls him an actor , but i do n't think the way he does could be called nothing but overacting!! .... period .
the little kid who plays as his son has totally no sense of acting and i believe it was just a favor he did or something because he had no clue of what he was doing .
for some reason while doing the casting they thought that by casting comedians they could made it , but they did n't ! !
and sometimes the tasteless cheap humor its so bad
, i do n't buy it .
but hopefully this is as bad as it gets .
to make people accept those dvd 's to the good taste public they will have to offer some food with it , that might work out .
for your own good , it would be best to disregard any positive reviews concerning this movie .
this flick stinks .
now , i like ( at least in theory ) low budget horror movies , but this one makes the worst mistake a low budget flick can make : it takes itself way too seriously .
and , unfortunately , that 's not it 's only problem .
it 's the story of the murderous beane clan of the british ilses transposed to modern times .
an interesting premise , but there are two things that are immediately perplexing about this film once you start watching it.#1-
why is the biggest name on the cd box jenna jameson ?
she 's a below average looking woman who ca n't act , and she has a minor role .
answer :
she 's apparently a well known porn star ( as you no doubt read in other reviews ) , so i guess this is a " cameo " appearance for her .
she 's giving the film much needed " name recognition " , it seems .
her top billing is n't any indication of her talent , though , it 's an indication of how untalented the rest of the cast is.#2- how can film makers be so stupid to think canada can be passed off as ireland ?
it does n't even remotely look like ireland .
and the house that the guests / victims stay in is this great big north american wood frame edwardian thing .
they should have skipped the whole beane theme and developed a story that took place in n.a.
also , if you 're going to make a movie that takes place in ireland , it 's probably best to have more than one character with an irish accent ( and that was a really really
really bad irish accent . )
now , this would n't have been so bad if the director was n't trying to make the next " night of the living dead " , but it seems he was .
too bad .
he could have had some fun with it .
in fact , some of the scenes were n't far from being unintentionally comedic as they were .
like the infamous gutting scene , were the woman is chained to the table , stripped naked , and then sliced open and eviscerated .
that 's funny , you ask ?
well , in the deleted scene version , the mutant killer pulls out mile after mile after mile of intestines .
it 's actually funny after awhile .
and what self respecting cannibal eats intestines , anyway ?
do we eat the intestines of cows and chickens ?
no , we eat hams and ribs and drumsticks .
oh well .
some of the other cast who were annoying : the whiny , creepy howard rosenstein .
i 'm not sure , but i think he was supposed to be cast as a stud .
in fact , he 's as big a loser and goof ball as his name would imply .
which would explain why the character played by the equally annoying gillian leigh fell for him .
i checked gillian leigh on her link on imdb , and apparently it 's important to know that she graduated high school with honors .
i ca n't decide if it 's more amusing or pathetic to know that only a couple years after graduation , the honor student is doing nude soft - core porn scenes in a shower with a guy named howard rosenstein .
wonder if her former classmates have seen this movie ?
if they have , hopefully they 'll get the message : avoid
this fate !
go to college ! ! !
i could go on and on , but why .
if you like gore , you 'll find something redeeming in this flick , but not much more .
umm ..
i was quite surprised that someone actually gave this film high marks .
lets face it ...
tori spelling is not a great actress .. and this movie just proves the extent of her " talent " .
the movie 's plot was weak ...
i bet the dork that came up with this concept was some perverted peeping tom .
if there is a good thing about this movie , i would say it 's that tommy chong 's daughter , just for the fact that she 's his daughter ...
and then there is that soap - opera - ish male lead who 's decent good looks somewhat make him attractive , but ceases to help his dramatic abilities .
* why does imdb require at least 10 lines ?
how many more ways can you simply say " this movie sucks " ?
ok , here it is : " nazi mountaineer befriends the dalai lama .
" what we do is , first we get a major star with no idea whatsoever how to do a germanic accent , and we let him flounder around between french , german , american , and british for over 2 hours .
then we concoct a series of wildly improbable events and space them apart very widely , so that the plot inches along almost imperceptibly .
but just to make sure
the viewer doesn´t fall asleep , we throw in details which are shockingly absurd , such as our hero smoking a cigarette at an altitude of 22,000 feet .
naturally , we must also remember that our target audience does not want to read too many subtitles , so we have every character , even the lowliest peasant in the forbidden closed - off city of lhasa in 1943 , speak perfect english , also with dubious accents .
of course , the trickiest part is how to handle the spiritual and political aspects of the story , so
what we do is this : we have the dalai lama befriend the now - reformed nazi because the latter is so good at fiddling with film projectors , radios , antique cars , and any other devices with represent the freedom of the capitalist west .
in return , our hero learns from his young protegé a kind of vague , undefined buddhism which is never really brought out or treated in a serious fashion .
we also have lots of scenes with the hero flaunting all the marks of respects and protocol which the rest of the tibetan society accords the dalai lama , even as we pretend that the hero has deep and profound reverence for these people and their spiritual leader .
in other words , we just expect the audience to believe that this guy is now a buddhist , sort of , in his own way , even though we ourselves don´t seem to know what his transformation entails or how far we want it to go .
and last but not least , we hang a statistic onto the end of the film about how appallingly the chinese have treated the tibetans ( which is certainly true ) , thus opening ourselves up to charges that we have made a " political " movie , even though it is nothing of the sort .
so , zat ist my idea .
do you zink ?
can ve make zis movie ?
you 've got to admire director todd sheets for his dedication , drive and enthusiasm when it comes to movie - making : between 1985 and 2000 , he made a whopping 34 films .
unfortunately , if his zombie bloodbath trilogy is anything to go by , they 're probably all crap ( and a quick look at their imdb ratings seems to verify my hunch).part 3 sees a group of obnoxious students finding detention a little more eventful than usual after they are attacked by hordes of the living dead , who have escaped from a top - secret army base located directly beneath their school .
working from a dreadful script by brian eklund ( which relies heavily on liberal use of the f - bomb ) director sheets delivers yet another embarrassingly amateurish effort featuring some mind - numbingly awful performances from his talent - free cast , dreadful visual effects ( some crap cgi and what looks like the front of a giant cardboard space - shuttle ) and his trademark shoddy gore ( handfuls of offal pulled from beneath his victims ' clothing).finally , after what seems like an eternity watching irritating characters running for their lives , and unconvincing undead people fondling animal innards , zombie armageddon finishes with a time - travel / paradox twist ending which forces viewers to re - watch several torturous minutes from the beginning of the film .
honestly ... once was enough , mr. sheetswhat have we done to deserve having to watch it again ?
despite being a huge fan of fred astaire and ginger rogers ' movies , it was n't until about 6 years ago that i first saw ' follow the fleet ' .
i knew all the songs from an old astaire / rogers record ( yes , vinyl ) but knew nothing of the plot .
unfortunately , while the songs are catchy and ginger rogers ' character is sweet and funny , you just ca n't like ' bake baker ' .
while trying to make up to his longtime partner , he continually sabotages her career .
his character does n't have the usual humour and elan of the other films ' astaire characters .
worth watching for the songs and a great solo tap routine by ginger rogers .
this movie was absolutely terrible .
i ca n't believe i paid to see it in the theatre .
i would n't watch it on free cable
i 'm surprised that joe magtena even made it .
do not waste your time with this movie .
this movie contains no humor for anyone who has lived with a family member who has a mental illness .
so many scenes reminded me too graphically of my own life experiences .
this movie was the man 's version of " mommy dearest .
" it depicts both graphically and accurately the life many children of a mentally ill parent goes through .
it also shows how easy it is for a psychiatrist to become corrupt and act like they are god .
someone told me it was funny .
no way , i say !
it is sick humor at best .
the movie is so intense and depressing that my son and i had to leave the room .
the best use for this movie is for people who do n't understand mental illness or do n't believe what we families actually do live through .
john wayne & albert dekker compete for oil rights on indian territory , and for the attention of martha scott in this republic pictures film shot out of utah , usa.an interesting western of sorts due to its characters and its more modern setting , with wayne & dekker playing the old and new factions of the west .
it 's based on a story by thomson burtis who co - writes the script along with eleanore griffin and ethel hill .
albert rogell directs in the workmanlike way that befits his career .
a pretty mundane story is in truth saved by its final third , where thankfully the action picks up and we are treated to something resembling a pulse .
the light hearted approach to the romantic strand does n't sit quite right , and a glorious fist fight between the two protagonists is ruined by rogell being unable to disguise the stunt men doing the work .
but hey , stunt men deserve their moment of glory always .
solid support comes from george ' gabby ' hayes and wayne as usual has much screen charisma , particularly when rattling off his pistol .
but in spite of its better than usual republic budget , it remains a film of interest only to 1940s wayne enthusiasts .
as a youth pastor i heard good things about this movie .
then i watched it .
the acting was n't the best .
that 's forgivable .
it 's the message that 's not : give jesus your life and everything will change -
you 'll tackle better , make amazing catches , stop fumbling , start making touchdown passes , and even make the playoffs .
all because jesus magically turns horrible undersized weaklings into all - american athletes .
i laughed out loud when a coach quoted scripture to explain to the kicker why he was missing field goals .
but wait , that 's not all .
you 'll get a brand new truck , a $ 6000 raise , and you and your wife 's struggle with infertility will suddenly end in pregnancy - twice .
then you 'll win the state championship because god helps a weakling kick the winning field goal 12 yards further than he 's ever kicked before - and into the wind , no less - all because " god wanted him to make it .
then you 'll win the state championship again the next year .
none of this good stuff would have happened if the team had n't chosen to follow jesus will all their hearts .
here 's what i took away from the movie : god can do anything he wants to do whenever he wants to do it -
and it 's all about making our lives better , easier , and more enjoyable .
he chooses his favorite team and helps them win games .
which bible is this story based on ?
i 'll bet saint stephen wished he 'd known the keys to such a safe life before he was stoned to death .
someone should have made this movie before 10 of the 11 apostles were killed for following jesus .
it would have saved them all a lot of trouble .
this film 's trailer interested me enough to warrant renting the dvd .
however , the resulting movie is absolutely dire !
admittedly , this is not the worst film ever made , or the worst film this year , but it came damn
close!the main issue is the film not knowing what it wants to be : comedy , adult drama , thriller , teen - porn ?
the story is interesting , as it deals with the pitfalls of mail - order brides , but the film is a mess .
what starts out as a mildly interesting " comedy " ( a word i use in the loosest possible terms ) , then goes totally in reverse , and degenerates into a very dark and distasteful misogynistic thriller .
nicole kidman should know better , and ben chaplin is wasted !
as are matthieu kassovitz and vincent cassel , whom i can only presume did this for the money .
this is a bad film in pretty much every single aspect .
it 's not funny
, it 's almost so sexist that you could almost forgive benny hill for everything he did , and the dramatic elements are just downright nasty .
a film to be avoided , unless you absolutely have to see kidman or chaplin in every one of their films !
what a disappointment , especially in light of the budget provided , the technical resources available , and the talent assembled .
is n't the fundamental rule for science fiction / drama to create in the audience the willing suspension of disbelief .
poa 2001 creates a plausible beginning , suckering us in , but thereinafter mr. burton forgets that his moviegoers have working brains .
the over the top libertarian of helena bonham carter 's chimp , the worthlessness of the humans ' lockup , the ease of their escape , their extraordinary skills of horsemanship ( this is an astronaut and a group of human primitives suddenly riding full tilt ) , the massive and immediate human rebellion all are too unbelievable .
mark wahlberg never once projects any sense of real fear , danger or comeuppance in this world turned upside down .
compare to the original , in which chuck heston 's nakedness metaphorically captured his utter helplessness and astonishment at his turn of events .
the uniformed wahlberg preserves his modesty , but also his apparent sense of management and control in an inherently wacky situation , and we never really wonder about his well being .
unlike heston , he seems never to be in real jeopardy .
tim burton should have used some of the f / x budget for some competent screenwriting .
in fact , after this inferior fiasco , i wonder why hollywood 's producers ever bothered to settle the screenwriters and directors strike threats .
let them walk .
trained monkeys could have done as well as they did in planet of the apes 2001 .
i 'll bet the repeat viewings of this effort will be nonexistent .
it could have been a new franchise , and a wonderful new step for imagination .
another opportunity lost .
although the actors do a convincing job playing the losers that parade across the screen , the fact that these characters are impossible to identify with had me looking at my watch a mere 20 minutes into the film ( and more than once after that ) .
the plot development is disjointed and slow , the verbal diarrhoea of the main character 's only friend is practically insufferable , the base quality of most of the characters actions and the cavalier way in which they are treating is annoying .
it is typical of ventura pons to put forth crass psychologically handicapped characters .
however , this faux sociological analysis is a big step down from caricias or caresses , where the characters maltreat and despise each other for well founded reasons that play out during that film .
in amor idiota we are forced to follow the meanderings of a truly subnormal intelligence as he stalks a severely depressed and detached woman .
supposedly this is due to his own depression but the script does n't support that .
i wo n't give away the rest of the story just in case
there are any masochists out there  
is he cured through his obsession or is the woman shocked out of her own depression through his unwavering attention ?
even though i watched the whole thing i was n't made to care even for a moment about either of them .
if you can sit through all this prejudice , ignorance , betrayal , bad dialogue , flimsy philosophy , etc  
the camera - work was pretty good and seems to be something inspired by the dogma group .
the makeup also seemed to aim at showing these players in a raw and gritty light as it is the worst
i 've seen cayetana guillen cuervo in any of her movies
( while in person she is actually
attractive).i suppose if the idea is that we should be forced to see the lower strata of society so we can be grateful
we are not part of it
then pons has achieved his objective .
the barrage of nearly identical sex scenes was a proper waste of film ( if the actors had been filmed but once in blue green clothing the background behind them could have been changed in the special effects studio for a pittance ) .
true that i heard much of the male audience squirm in their seats during this but an objective viewing proves that was not the real aim of those scenes .
save yourselves and watch something else .
i do n't know why this conduct was ever tolerated in the movie business !
this movie ( short ) is gross ( to say the least ) !
it is a bunch of 5 - 7 year old children wearing diapers with big bobby pins , acting like adults ( and too much so ! ) .
however , it is interesting because it is a good example of how " the good old days " may not have been so good after all !
( thank god we have laws against this kind of material
now!){this is one short from the " shirley temple festival " }
30 seconds into the opening credits , i had this feeling that this was going to be a bad movie , but i did n't know just how bad .
then the actor playing the evil nazi scientist opens his mouth and my friend and i decide that in order to survive this movie , we 'll have to turn the volume down , make up our own dialogue and double the speed on the dvd .
but that did n't help .
about half way through we turned it off .
now , i 've lived through some very bad movies before , both with and without the aide of " mystery science theater 3000 " and " svengoolie , " but there are just some movies which i doubt even the bots can save .
the biggest part of the movie that bothered me the most was that the people hypnotized into believing they 're zombies had rotting green skin .
i guess they were all hypnotized into death , then hypnotized into rotting themselves .
stick to the real b - movie cult classics like " plan nine from outer space . "
it was supposed to be the last freddy movie ( and it was for over 10 years)--you would think they would have tried to get a good movie done .
but they turned out giving us the worst of the series ( and that 's saying a lot ) .
the plot made no sense ( i seriously ca n't remember it ) , all the main characters were idiots ( you really wanted them dead ) and freddy 's wisecracks were even worse than usual .
the only remotely good bit about this was a brief ( and funny ) cameo by johnny depp ( the first " nightmare " movie was his first).also
i originally saw it in a theatre
were the last section ( reaccounting freddy 's childhood )
was in 3-d.
well -- the 3-d was lousy -- faded colors and the image going in and out of focus .
also the three flying skulls which were supposed to be scary ( i think ) had the opposite reaction from my audience .
everybody broke down laughing .
looks even worse on tv in 2-d. pointless and stupid -- very dull also .
skip this one and see " freddy vs. jason " again .
a friend and i went through a phase some ( alot of ) years ago of selecting the crappest horror films in the video shop for an evening 's entertainment .
for some reason , i ended up buying this one ( probably v. v. cheap).the
cheap synth soundtrack is a classic of its time and genre .
there 's also a few very amusing scenes .
among them is a scene where a man 's being attacked and defends himself with a number of unlikely objects , it made me laugh at the time ( does n't seem quite so funny in retrospect
but there you go).apart from
that it 's total crap , mind you .
but probably worth a watch if you like films like " chopping mall " .
yes , i 've seen that too .
even duller , if possible , than the original ( i hope i may say that under the imdb guidelines ) .
the french connection at least tried to absorb european influences , to complicate the conventional view of the american police detective , even if the attempt was foundered by friedkin 's ambivalence , americaness and general indirection .
the ( relative ) arthouse boom of the 1960s ( especially with the nouvelle vague ) allowed for a huge influence of european cinema in hollywood .
this lent a new vigour and complexity to a weary medium , and , in the best of them ( eg bonnie and clyde , early scorcese ) , a new subversion of received practice .
the original connection was part of this movement , with its difficultly distanced style , and anti - detective figure .
two is old hollywood 's right - wing reassertion of american values .
this is figured in the film 's very tiresome america vs france dialectic .
for instance , two is shot like a 70s french policier .
it was the french , of course , who insisted on the greatness of american movies when they were ignored at home , and this , in a sense , is a reclamation , a warning against gallic presumption .
this can be seen in the pattern of the two movies .
connection has french gangsters invading new york , with the french style smothering the american thriller - this leads to the dissolution of the detective figure , and irresolution of plot - the baddie got away .
two has the american returning to france , with american thriller values imposed on the native genre - the power of the detective is reasserted and conventional resolution is achieved .
this is further dramatised in doyle 's relationship with french inspector barthelmy , whose dominant influence he must shake off before he can control the plot .
two seems to follow the original by undermining its detective hero .
from the start , doyle 's importance is diminished at every turn .
despite the ending of connection , he is considered a hero .
but he is an american in a foreign land , and his inability to control language or customs means he can not dominate the plot .
he even misreads the signs of the police force , mistaking an informer for a criminal , and getting him killed .
a detective 's power comes from his power as subject to see and interpret , but doyle spends much of the movie being watched , controlled , an object , a body ( literally in the scenes after he is dumped by charnier ) to be viewed and interpreted .
in connection , he instigated the action , chasing the criminals , forcing the plot ; here he is passive , tied to a bed , locked in a cell , an addict , a dependent .
this loss of phallic power is predictably symbolised in the loss of his gun , and the film follows a depressingly familiar oedipal trajectory .
in the heroin sequences , he is comforted by an old lady who says he looks like her son .
his drugged state is like a return to the womb , robbed of adult pressures .
her taking his watch reinforces the timelessness of this state , doubly significant for a man whose career depends on timetables and precision .
oedipus was the first detective , and to avoid his fate , doyle must reject this false mother who is dissolving his unified identity , and kill the father ( charnier ) so that he can take his accepted masculine role in society .
psychoanalytic theory was popular among academics in the 70s(ironically instigated by a frenchman , jacques lacan ) , but it 's rare to see a film so literally full of it .
if all of these facts tended towards the minimising of doyle , then the film 's style does n't .
friedkin distanced us from his hero by refusing empathy or character motivation , focusing on the mechanics of plot .
here , doyle is a very conventional hollywood hero .
instead of being lost in murky long shot , he is made knowable and understandable to the viewer with the traditional devices - point - of - view shots , close ups , connecting shots etc .
two is all about the fall and rise of popeye doyle .
plot in this case is subservient to the acting , which is the usual hackman showiness .
the cold turkey scenes , therefore , despite their tediousness , are not disturbing .
we are allowed to share rather than coldly observe ; this a far less discomforting experience .
the scenes are also shot through with a lachrymose manly sentimentality that is very american .
so while connection tried to imitate the complex thrillers of jean pierre melville , two does the complete opposite .
melville 's le samourai featured a gangster who started the film whole , powerful , outside language , and charted his eventual disintegration .
two starts with a disintegrated character , achieved partly through inability with language , whose dominance begins when he steps outside language - the concluding action sequences are largely wordless .
in the film , the locale and language are important as they fixed and undermined the detective , but as he regains his power ( figured in the return of his gun , and the cathartic burning of the primal site of vulnerability , the tower block where charnier held him ) , the marseilles setting becomes more irrelevant , and the mythic stand - off , which could take place anywhere , takes over .
compare the endings of the two films : one admits ambiguity and despair , the other absolute certainty .
this film is " riveting " but in much the same way a car crash is riveting .
it 's hard to look away .
overall , this film is nothing more than an incredibly irresponsible social experiment -- and a futile , biased experiment at that .
the filmmakers are manipulative and seem to have no problems going for the lowest possible denominator .
the manner in which the money is presented to ted is pure exploitation .
the intervening steps that the filmmakers force ted to participate in ( meeting with so - called experts ) were empty and devoid of any substantive attempt to connect with ted .
instead , it 's painfully obvious that they serve to cover the filmmaker 's posteriors and to further exploit ted 's situation .
the worst part is that the filmmakers stop following ted after 6 months ; and seemingly are cut off entirely from the subject they had followed so closely months before .
if they had cared , they would have found better " experts " to help ted .
if they truly wanted to see what ted would do , then they should have let him spend the money without any intervention .
this film is at best a high - brow jackass stunt and not a documentary .
it 's sad to think how much $ 100,000 could have actually changed
a homeless person 's life had it been put in the right hands .
shecky , is a god damned legend , make no mistake .
until recently i worked for a uk hifi & video retail chain , running their testing department .
we would go through many new starters , they would be expected to to learn how to fault find the various detritus that returns as non functional in one way or another from the stores .
now to tortu^^^^^ test the resolve of these new staff members , we would issue them with a copy of going overboard .
we had hundreds of copies of this film because whenever someone who had bought a particular model of goodmans dvd player that had this film as a free gift , got round to sending their dvd player back , they never failed to send shecky back also .
our new staff would be forced to use only going overboard to test these machines for faults until they had found a disc or two of their own to test with .
now , as to why this film is so bad , where do i begin?adam sandler , who can be so , so very funny , as in happy gilmore , or the wedding singer , must have been having one hell of an off day .
the rest of the crew stank , and what is it with billy zane ?
his name crops up in several of the worst movies of all time , and he is a decent actor .
crazy .
the production quality is absolute zero .
i would have been inclined to give this a zero if i could , because they did n't even have the guts to call it by
it 's full name ' the unsinkable shecky moskowitz ' on release .
even so it is worth a watch so you can see just how far sandler has come , and just how low he can go .
a killer , wearing a plastic white mask and black overcoat , is killing the friends of hollywood producer shawn banning(danny
wolske)who inherited his position when someone sliced open his former employer from crotch to chest .
perhaps the psychopath is newly hired maddy(dabbie rochon ) , an attractive , raven haired beauty with a troubled family past , plagued with nightmares .
shawn and his friends play a practical joke on maddy , concerning a supposed murder club
they started where each member randomly selected a victim to kill .
when maddy accidentally murders a woman in a parking garage because of a dent put into her car by this person , she finds that shawn 's pals were jerking her chain .
but , shawn and his comrades are concerned about maddy 's admittance towards committing the murder and contemplate turning her into the proper authorities .
deciding to wait on a definite decision , each member fall prey to the white - masked psycho with maddy a suspect considering the fact that she already has killed before .
or , is someone else behind these murders ?
low budget slasher , executive produced by charles band , with gore murders that fail to convince .
plenty of tits on display and allen nabors goofy character chris might entertain those with low expectations .
the murders include a stomach being opened with intestines showing , a neck sliced , an electrical cord thrown into a pool frying a female victim who had all day to escape , an ax buried into the back of a male victim , and , to top it all , a couple are strangled by a rope during their sexual climax( .. for added effect , the killer uses the breaker bar of a socket wrench as extra leverage to twist the rope as tight as possible snapping their necks ) .
there are enough plot holes to drive a truck through , such as why maddy has nightmares of murders she did n't commit , how she could murder someone so violently( ..
with blood all over her)winding up waking in her bed without leaving something at the scene of the crime that would easily implicate her , and how shawn could go so long , allowing her to continue working at the company despite what she told regarding the murder she committed , and a continual desire to join the supposed club that does n't exist .
what bothered me the most was the film 's desire for having us somehow sympathizing with this female protagonist who wanted to join a club after killing someone , later proclaiming it to be an accident .
the film builds maddy as the potential psycho throughout because of her past .
her family disowned her for an abortion .
she has black - outs and always appropriately winds up at the scenes of crimes after the fact .
in a lot of slashers , the one who seems the most likely killer is often the red herring , but this film goes out of it 's way to point the finger at maddy .
when the twist occurs , we 're left rooting for maddy , yet we know she 's not right in the head .
it 's a tough sell caring for this chick .
she does look great in a man 's army shirt , though .
and , rochon is n't afraid to let her puppies breathe , either .
low budget horror fans will get a kick out of seeing cult favorite brinke stevens as a religious fanatical mother who preaches against what maddy did , calling her a murderer as beloved troma producer lloyd kaufman is the aloof father who can not get in a word edge - wise to protect the daughter he truly cares about .
cult siren julie strain has a minor cameo , showing her tits(of course)as the opening murdered male 's girlfriend getting her head crushed by a hammer .
oh , and check out the office for which shawn works , you 'll see a lot of full moon posters and art - work spread throughout the walls .
an updated version of a theme which has been done before .
while that in and of itself is not bad , this movie does n't reach the ring like the other " inherent and pure " evil ones do .
predictable , ambitious attempt that falls short of the mark .
not worth sitting through for the tired contrived ending .
this movie sounded like it might be entertaining and interesting from its description .
but to me it was a bit of a let down .
very slow and hard to follow and see what was happening .
it was as if the filmmaker took individual pieces of film and threw them in the air and had them spliced together whichever way they landed ( definitely not in sequential order ) .
also , nothing of any consequence was being filmed .
i have viewed quite a few different korean films and have noticed that a good portion are well made and require some thinking on the viewer 's part , which is different from the typical hollywood film .
but this one befuddled me to no end .
i viewed the film a second and third time and it still did n't do anything for me .
i still do n't really understand what the filmmaker was trying to convey .
if it was to just show a typical mundane portion of a person 's life , i guess he succeeded .
but i was looking for more .
needless to say , i ca n't recommend this movie to anyone .
i rented this by mistake .
i thought , after a cursory examination of the box , that this was a time - travel / sci - fi story .
instead , it 's a " christian " story , and i suppose is fairly typical example .
if you are sold on the message you probably will overlook the awkwardness of the plot / acting / etc . ,
but i found it rather painful .
i have to admit that i 'm bothered by the rewriting of history in this story .
it paints the 1890 's as some sort of paradise of family values and morality ( a character is aghast that 5 % of marriages end in divorce ! ) , but it overlooks very unsavory sides of this " highly moral " society ( rigid racial , sexual , and social discrimination were widespread , for instance ) .
and at one point the hero complains to a clothing store owner about things that sound not all that different than the complaints of some iranian leaders about women 's clothing styles ( as reported in a recent wsj).overall ,
thought , i suppose that it 's the sort of thing you 'll like if you like this sort of thing , and it 's certainly wholesome ...
imagine that in adapting a james bond novel into a movie , the filmmakers eliminated all the action and suspense in order to make it kid - friendly .
or if a television producer told chris rock he could n't cuss so that his specials could be rated pg .
in the same way , the director of the movie " something wicked this way comes " took out the excitement and gore in favor of melodrama for younger audiences .
this created a monotonous plot without the complications of the book .
in trying to make the story of " something wicked this way comes " easier for children to follow , the filmmakers eliminated the theme of good and evil both existing in everyone , and good
always prevailing over evil .
this is apparent in will 's character transformation , charles halloway 's rescue of jim , and the carnival 's defeat .
will 's transformation into a more adventurous boy has been muted in the movie .
the scene in which the dust witch visits
will 's house in a balloon has been cut from the film .
instead , a green mist follows jim and will home and gives them the same bad dream about the witch and her spiders .
the balloon attack shows us that will has begun to conquer his fear of doing things on his own .
he gets on top of a neighbor 's roof and tears the balloon with a bow , defeating the witch . "
sorry , dad , he thought , and sat up , smiling .
this time it 's me out , alone , " will decides as he prepares to face her ( 147 . )
removing this scene from the movie prevents us from understanding that will is becoming more adventuresome .
the film shows us many examples of will being afraid to follow jim , but never growing curious like his friend .
in the book , will has both a good , quiet side and an " evil , " daring side like his jim .
in the movie , each boy only has one mode of thought , which destroys bradbury 's theme of both good and evil being present in each person .
in the book , will saves jim because of their friendship , but , in the movie , charles halloway saves jim to repay jim 's father .
will pulls jim off the carousel in bradbury 's novel because he does n't want his best friend to grow up without him .
it is the good in will , the fact that he cares about his friend , that saves jim from the evil curse of the carnival .
on the carousel , jim " gestured his other hand free to trail on the wind , the one part of him , the small , white , separate part that still remembered their friendship " ( 269 . )
this shows that there was good left inside of jim , which has the potential to still defeat evil .
but when charles halloway saves jim in the movie , he does it to repay the debt he owes jim 's father , who saved will when he was a little boy .
by changing the motivation for saving jim , the filmmakers have ruined bradbury 's original idea that it takes good to win against evil .
in the end of the movie , the carnival is defeated by a tornado and lightning instead of smiles and laughter .
when the book ends , mr. dark turns himself into a little boy and charles halloway smiles and laughs at him so much that he ca n't stand it and evaporates .
in bradbury 's world , evil people feed off fear and can only be defeated by happiness and love .
his message is that good will always prevail over evil , but only if that goodness is expressed outwardly . "
good to evil seems evil , " says charles halloway as he holds the dying mr. dark .
" so i will do only good to you , jed .
i 'll simply hold you and watch you poison yourself " ( 275 . )
in the movie , mr. dark is the only one left on the carousel when lightning hits it , and he dies .
by eliminating the weapon of laughter and smiles , the filmmakers imply that bad weather is the most effective way to defeat evil , as if lightning only strikes those who are bad .
this takes away the major theme of bradbury 's book , which is that doing " good " toward others wards off evil .
good may always triumph over evil , but trying to make movies more kid - friendly will always force filmmakers to leave out some of the themes from the books they are based on .
in the movie , " something wicked
this way comes , " will does not transform , will 's friendship does not save jim , and smiles and laughter do not defeat the carnival .
as a result , the filmmakers have left out too many of bradbury 's main points .
the process of adapting a book to a movie too often ruins the world the author has established .
in the case of this story , bradbury 's frightening world of opposing forces of good and evil has been reduced to a tamer , simpler version of itself .
i wanted to watch this movie because of eliza dushku , but she only has a smaller part in it , and her character is n't very likable .
however , the main character , played by melissa sagemiller , is extremely beautiful and a perfect delight to look at throughout the movie .
this is really nothing but a showcase for her looks and talent .
she does a very good job .
the story itself is , on the face of it , pretty nonsensical .
after a car crash , some friends are possibly dead , but keeps on living their previous lives , while all sorts of mysterious things happen .
some bad guys are after them , but we never really find out who they are
( possibly they were the ones in the other car , but we certainly do n't hear anything about why they are after them ) .
the final scenes especially seem filmically ambitious , but i ca n't get anything coherent out of it .
the opening scene , where the bad guys ( who wear some strange masks ) cut a blond girl 's wrist and gather up some of her blood is never explained or followed up on .
unless the bad guys are supposed to be a representation of the surgeons who 're trying to pull cassie ( sagemiller ) back from the dead ...
but no , that does n't seem to work .
the bad guys are just bad guys ; they really just mess up a story that might otherwise have been interesting .
in a supernatural story about death and love and sacrifice , who the hell needs bad guys?3 out of 10 .
this movie was seriously awful .
the acting was the worst !
it was worse than a student film .
super cheesy , and i think the worst actor was the old lady .
at first i thought to myself , well it 's an old movie .
then i remembered that that is no excuse !
i 've seen older movies with way better acting and such .
the music was terrible to .
it was really choppy .
the editing was poor ( most of the dialog was out of sync.)overall , this movie does n't even deserve a 1 .
i only watched it because i was so bored , and the movie hardly entertained me .
it was just laughable .
my dead grandmother 's left pinkie toe could make a better movie than this .
at first glance this documentary / fiction / cartoon is quite entertaining and thought provoking .
of course , when something provokes thought , it can then be scrutinized .
the reality is this movie combines metaphysics with innuendo and baseless conclusions .
the link that " what the bleep ... " would have you see between science and spirituality is , in fact , not rooted in science at all .
the transcendental meditation study mentioned in the film claims that meditation by a group can reduce crime in a given area , washington d.c. in this case .
in reality the hra ( homicides , rapes , and assaults )
crime rate was about 30 % higher in 1993 than the average crime rate between 19881992 .
there was absolutely no decrease in the homicide rate during the study .
in fact , each and every claim that links metaphysics to science can and has been debunked .
my conclusion from this information is that this movie is either a poor attempt to indoctrinate people or a joke .
either way , i suggest that you do not waste your time .
if you are looking for a long winded movie about science that could provoke thoughts , you might consider mindwalk ( 1990 ) .
i ended up watching this movie before even going through any of the reviews , on the request of a female .
just out of curiosity , i thought , let me find out if there are people who actually recommend others to watch this movie .
i am quite shocked to find such long and positive reviews on this website that makes me conclude that it 's a scam .
as far as my opinion goes , i have to ask,"are these filmmakers retarded or do they assume that the viewers are retarded ?
the movie is atrocious on so many levels and i 'm not even talking about the story or presentation .
so , these bunch of guys plus one girl ( the lead actress ) form a music band ; guessing from the constant presence of guitars
it is supposed to be a rock band .
hell , when did dancers started becoming the part of a rock band ? ? ?
anyway , let me accept it as the - bollywood - version - of - a- rock - band , but amusingly enough all the scores which actually had these two guitarists doing all kinds of cool " rock gestures " and i am assuming they were playing the instruments , the sound of the guitar was completely missing ! ! !
i simply ca n't comprehend the magnitude of stupidity here ....
i am just going to conclude here because it is absolutely not worth pointing out any further flaws in the movie .
bollywood directors seem to have no shame anymore ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
the bfg is one of roald dahl 's most cherished books , but in this animated adaptation the magic just is n't there .
this version remains pretty faithful to dahl 's original story so one ca n't lay the blame on john hambley 's script .
if anything the fault lies with the colourless animation , the lethargic pace and the generally lacklustre voice - overs .
one would be right to expect this story to make for a happy , vibrant , fun - filled movie .....
instead , the film is a hopelessly dull affair that becomes quite tedious to watch .
children who are not familiar with the story should definitely read the book first !
all the film will achieve is to put them off read what is actually a children 's ' classic .
young orphan sophie ( voice of amanda root ) lives in a none - too - friendly orphanage under the cruel supervision of mrs clonkers .
one evening she is peering through the window when she spots a massive figure walking stealthily down the village street .
the figure realises it has been seen , so it reaches in through the window and scoops sophie from her bed , placing her into its enormous pocket before fleeing into the night .
sophie soon discovers that she has been kidnapped by a giant from giant country , and fears that he will eat her .
but to her relief he turns out to be a kind and sensitive member of his species who introduces himself as the bfg ( voice of david jason ) .
the bfg refuses to eat people , instead restricting himself to foul - tasting vegetables known as snozzcumbers .
however , giant country is populated by numerous other giants who do feast - every night , as it happens - on poor unsuspecting humans .
sophie and the bfg become great friends , and soon they come up with a plan to thwart the other giants .
together they go to the queen of england
( voice of angela thorne ) with their remarkable story and beg her to send the army and the air force to fight the man - eating giants .
the queen agrees and so begins a dangerous operation to capture the bad giants before they can harm anyone else .
jason voices the bfg quite well ( one of the few pluses in the film ) but his good work is almost ruined by somewhat poor sound quality .
the rest of the voice work is decidedly uninspired , with very little to bring the characters to life .
similarly , the bfg is the only character that is imaginatively animated - sophie lacks appeal , and the giants are boringly designed ( and look almost indistinguishable from each other ) .
even the places are uninventive ; giant country especially comes up short , being nothing more than a barren wasteland with occasional rocks and canyons .
at 88 minutes the film is not exactly lengthy , yet it drags quite badly in parts due to the soporific handling of several sequences .
little of dahl 's mischievous humour is conveyed satisfactorily .
one chapter in the book deals with the bfg 's love of " whizzpopping " ( farting ) and is laugh - out - loud hilarious .
in the film , the same section is totally killed by unfunny handling .
i came to the the bfg expecting lots of zest , fun and enjoyment , but what i got was pretty much the opposite !
this one is a failed misfire that simply does n't match the calibre of the book in any department - unfortunately , therefore , it must go down as one to skip .
' the omen 4 : the awakening ' is a made - for - television sequel to the original ' the omen ' film .
instead of satan possessing the body of a little boy , he possesses the body of a little girl adopted by rich parents , who is bullied at school and who ends up getting revenge against those who do her wrong .
the film seems to struggle with any horror factor , and a lot of the events that happen are simply silly rather than particularly frightening , and it is difficult to believe that this little girl is satan , even with all of the events that surround it .
i just did not find this film very suspenseful or frightening , particularly when compared to the original .
poorly - made " blaxploitation " crime - drama aimed squarely at the black urban market of the early 1970s .
pam grier stars in the title role , that of a nurse who becomes a one - woman vigilante after drug - dealing thugs make coffy 's little sister a junkie .
violent nonsense plods along doggedly , with canned energy and excitement ; only grier 's flaring temper gives the narrative a jolt ( she 's not much of an actress here ,
but she connects with the audience in a primal way ) .
not much different from what charles bronson was doing at this time , the film was marketed and advertised as crass exploitation yet still managed to find a sizable inner - city audience .
today however , it 's merely a footnote in ' 70s film history , and lacks the wide - range appeal of other movies in this genre .
from * * * *
seriously , i 'm all for gooey romantic comedies and will get sucked into miss congeniality as easily as goodfellas ... but this movie ?
it does n't make any sense ! ! ! !
and i 'm not even talking about the willing suspension of disbelief kind of not making sense .
why does her family live in england ?
or , at the very least , why does n't she have a british accent ?
she 's sure cozy with her dad
and he 's surprisingly forgiving of her not being around for the last two years .
( on that subject , no one ever makes much of a deal about her being away for so long ) .
and what was with the goofy outfits at the bachelorette party ?
i 'm not even going to get into the fact that the escort she paid for falls in love with her -- that could 've been overcome by better movie - making .
i 'm just saying that the characters , the setting , and the plot are n't fleshed out enough to make an even somewhat cohesive story .
oh , and the worst part , in my opinion , is the filmmaker 's consistent use of the most unflattering angles on deborah messing 's nose --
i'd have sued the filmmakers if i were her !
i mean , honestly , i 'm all for women being who they are , but why , in seven loyal years of will and grace viewing , have i not ever noticed how incredibly odd her nose is ?
because those producers are kind to her !
this movie , like my other least favorite movie ever , armageddon , is the fault of the filmmakers , not the actors .
i can see both messing and mcdermott in these roles with a better writer , director , and producer .
this easily gets my vote as one of the worst movies i 've ever wasted time on .
i 'm just glad a friend loaned me her dvd , so all i wasted was time .
if there were a way to make this review zero stars , i 'd do it .
i question its importance to queer cinema as it seems to be more about having a homosexual encounter via violent behavior than making any clear statements regarding homosexuality and violence .
three tales are tangled together in a rather sloppy manner .
i found myself trying to untangle the messy narrative in the first 15 minutes , that alone did n't sit well with me .
weak plot points were endlessly repeated as though we might not have gotten it the first 10 times .
there was a feeling of padded dialog throughout the film .
more like a 45 minute boy 's brief short rather than a fleshed out full - length film .
it had a certain erotic flair , male nudity and sex appeal but overall the sum did not equal its parts .
the 1st part :
boxer / stalker storyline was the strongest and yet
it too felt like it had been pulled thin .
bob has been following tim for four years and only now is he confronting him ?
i felt as though their cat - mouse game was not developed enough to merit its conclusion .
we needed more information about them and less parking lot / locker scenes with tim relentlessly saying " what do you want ?
the 2nd part : danny wants his buddy , tony , to beat him up while he jacks - off .
tony does n't seem to mind , but he does n't even appear interested in exploring the implications of his homo erotic hobby -- not even after they do it in the nude .
this tale lacks the all - important transition from " i 'm a straight boy smacking my guy friend around for fun " to "
i think i might be gay and hitting him because i 'd like to spread his ass and do him s / m style .
" a very important thing to leave out .
clearly these stories each could have conveyed their points in half the time .
the 3rd part with the man and woman slapping each other around adds to that thought .
furthermore , it was unnecessary and added nothing to the film .
yes , the actors did a fine job under the circumstances and the four male leads were very sexy .
the make - up ( bruises and cuts ) however was on par with a grammar school talent show .
there was n't enough meat to this story to have any impact on the gay politic .
the film made no statement , squandered time , and is not engaging or worthy enough for thoughtful investment .
its fatal flaw is its amateurish approach , that makes it ultimately impossible to take seriously .
this ranks way up there on my top list of worst movies i 've seen so far on starz on demand .
they seem to pick up every straight to dvd crap - fest they can find and put it on here .
who knows !
apparently anyone with a digital camera and a shoestring budget can come up with a horror movie and get it put on tv .
to be honest , this looked terrible from the moment i saw the trailer -- but i did give it a real chance .
i always try to have an open mind about low - budget movies .
some of the best movies i 've ever seen were films that worked around their low budget or in other cases only required that low budget to be great .
this is not one of those movies .
you know the plot by now , i 'm sure , if you 're reading this .
either you heard about it on starz on demand or for whatever reason you ended up on this page out of boredom .
it 's about a pathetic and whiny girl we get to know for all of 3 minutes in an incredibly bad " heavy metal " music video .
whoever put it together must have thought it looked really interesting , but it really , really does n't .
anyway , she kills herself .
then she possesses someone .
then some killing starts .
it 's really unmemorable and as completely average and boring as possible .
when the first gunshot goes off in her apartment it quite seriously sounds like a piece of popcorn popping .
was that the best sound effect they could come up with ?
i could find a better sound effect to use for free , ( with no copyright , ) on the internet ...
right .
don't let the other reviews claiming this is a 10 star movie fool you .
they are obviously either distributors of the film or maybe even the director trying to con you into thinking this piece of junk is worth buying .
laughable .
cut to the chase , this is one of the five worst films that i 've ever seen .
not that they did n't try .
there was some decent writing with some elements of structure in there , a good cast , some good acting .
i 'm not sure where it went wrong , but it went horribly wrong .
some of the elements may have been bad structure and no substantive story , a lot of overacting by the lead ( who probably is much better when restrained ) , some bad directing and editing .
i had enough at about an hour , tearing my hair out at about a hour and a half and very agitated at the hour and fifty minutes it ran .
there was also an insincerity about it all , being that i went with someone who used to be a heroin addict .
he was agitated that it glamorized something that had nothing good to it .
that was bolstered by the pretty 17 year - old girl who was in love with the 30 year - old junkie .
and the frantic nature of the lead was a turn - off enough .
there were clunky plot points that were an attempt at a structure , but the end result was listless and unending ( with uneven time lines ) .
the characters were colorful but to no end , which made me feel bad for the quality actors who you 've just not seen enough .
skip it .
i assumed that this was a first - time director who was enamored by his own turds , but he has done this before .
i 'm puzzled how this and many other really bad ideas find someone who will actually give them money .
you get 5 writers together , have each write a different story with a different genre , and then you try to make one movie out of it .
it 's action
, it 's adventure , it 's sci - fi ,
it 's western , it 's a mess .
sorry , but this movie absolutely stinks .
4.5 is giving it an awefully high rating .
that said , it 's movies like this that make me think i could write movies , and i can barely write .
yes i have rated this film as one star awful .
yet , it will be in my rotation of christmas movies henceforth .
this truly is so bad it 's good .
this is another k.gordon murray production ( read : buys a really cheap / bad mexican movie , spends zero money getting it dubbed into english and releases it at kiddie matinées in the mid 1960 's . )
it 's a shame i stumbled on this so late in life as i 'm sure some " mood enhancers " would make this an even better experience .
i 'm not going to rehash what so many of the other reviewers have already said , a christmas movie with merlin , the devil , mechanical wind - up reindeer and some of the most pathetic child actors i have ever seen bar none .
i plan on running this over the holidays back to back with kelsey grammar 's " a christmas carol " .
truly a holiday experience made in hell .
now if i can only find " to all a goodnight ( aka slayride ) " on dvd i 'll have a triple feature that ca n't be beat .
you have to see this movie .
it moves so slowly that i defy you not to touch the fast forward button - especially on the two dance routines !
this thing reeks like an expensive bleu cheese - guess you have to get past the stink to enjoy the experience .
feliz navidad amigos !
i 'm watching this on the sci - fi channel right now .
it 's so horrible
i ca n't stop watching it !
i 'm a videographer and this movie makes me sad .
i feel bad for anyone associated with this movie .
some of the camera work is good .
most is very questionable .
there are a few decent actors in the flick .
too bad they 're surrounded by what must have been the director 's relatives .
that 's the only way they could have been qualified to be in a movie !
music was a little better than the acting .
if you get around to watching this
i hope it 's because there was absolutely no other option !
the sequel ( yes sequel ) is coming on now ....
i think i 'll skip it !
on the surface the idea of omen 4 was good .
it 's nice to see that the devil child could be a girl .
in fact , sometimes , as in the exorcist , when girls are possessed or are devilry it 's very effective .
but in omen 4 , it stunk .
delia does not make me think that she could be a devil child , rather she is a child with issues .
issues that maybe only a therapist , rather then a priest could help .
she does not look scary or devilish .
rather , she looks sulky and moody .
this film had potential and if it was made by the same people who had made the previous three films it could of worked .
but it 's rather insulting really to make a sequel to one of the most favoured horror trilogies , as a made for tv movie special .
on so many levels it lets down .
it 's cheap looking , the acting is hammish and the effects are typical of a tv drama .
the characters do not bring any sympathy , and you do not route for them .
i recently re - watched it after someone brought it for me for christmas , and it has dated appalling .
if your thinking of watching this , then i would suggest that you do n't .
watch one of the others , or watch the exorcist , or watch the good son .
just do n't waste your time on this drivel !
this movie had mediocrity , laziness , and thoughtlessness written all over it .
if you are going to do a movie about vampires that has been done thousands of times already , then you better do a damn good job .
i 'll be the first to say that this movie just did not cut it .
some scary / horror movies just fail to break the mold of the " lets do something forbidden and forsaken for the sake of fun because all the stories are just lies " cliché .
this one , sadly , was no different , and like all scary movies , once you venture down that road there is no going back .
and the ending ?
how do the heroes do the same job over and over throughout the movie , but then mysteriously they get wrapped up in the moment and can not do the job in the end ?
the ending was very anti - climatic and spelled part 3 which i will never watch .
terrible movie .
beast wars is a show that is over - hyped , overpraised and overrated .
let 's meet the characters of this obnoxious show whose creators must have been on acid to try and make a show like this .
cheetor-
seriously , they need to have censor bars on this guy .
how come he dosen't creep out the viewers having the same voice as baby taz ?
( at least razzoff from rayman 3 :
hoodlum havoc is voiced by slip & slide ) action blast-
if you want a line of show that suck , get g4 tranceformers cybertron-
a show that should go down in a toilet .
good job creators ( sarcasm ) show it self - retarded & boring
( at least the super mario games are better )
this show had a lot of followers sayin ' bring it back , but i believe that it was cancelled for its own good .
this film actually works from a fairly original idea - i 've never seen nymphs that were thrown out of heaven in a horror movie before anyway .
however , the way that it executes this idea is n't original in the slightest ; we follow a bunch of kids that , for some reason decide to go on a trip into the forest .
the fact that the forest is inhabited by these nymphs make it more interesting than merely another forest filled by rednecks / nutcases / zombies etc ; but really , the monsters are just a variation on the common horror in the woods theme .
many films of this ilk do n't have a single good idea - and it would seem that this one has worn its brain cells out with just that one .
the only real asset that the monsters bring to the table is the fact that they 're beautiful women that the characters lust for , rather than being hideous grotesques that they want to run away from .
this is good up until a point ; but it soon gets boring , and the almost complete lack of any back - story surrounding the central monsters ensures that the film is never going get itself out of the ' horror trash ' category .
it 's been years since the evil dead made the woodlands a prime horror location , and in spite of films like the blair witch project ; it still makes for an excellent horror setting .
this is one of the film 's major assets , as the forest presents a good impression of the unknown - the only problem
is that forest of the damned does n't ever seem to have much up its sleeve .
the death sequences show a distinct lack of imagination , and the fact that all the characters are clichéd in the extreme does n't help , as you 're more likely to be looking forward to seeing them get killed rather than hoping they can get away .
the cast is made up of kids mainly , but there is a role here for tom savini ; who unfortunately does n't get to have fun in the special effects department .
the only real highlight the film has where personnel are concerned comes from the nymphs themselves .
the naked ladies tend to look great , and if it was n't for them , this film would get very boring very quickly .
there 's nothing to recommend this film for really ; but if you want a daft little horror film that harks back to the style of eighties woodland flicks , you might find some enjoyment here .
i concur with everyone above who said anything that will convince you to not waste even a briefest of moments watching this amazingly amateurish movie .
very poor acting , offhand production values , utterly pedestrian direction , and a script so inept and inane
it should never have been written , let alone produced .
even hollywood " professionals " apparently go to work just for a paycheck , although no one should have been paid for this bad work .
careers should instead have ended over this inconsequential drivel .
oth , there is something fascinating about watching something so jaw - droppingly bad .
and chad lowe is terrifically and consistently bad .
just recently , i 've been obsessing over and anticipating this movie so much that i almost had to see it .
well , having just seen it today , the 5.8 rating is completely understandable .
i think that if you anticipate something so much that it becomes a dire need , it turns out not to be worth it .
sure , the hills have eyes 2 has its moments .
it has a very cool and well - developed storyline that ties in well with the actual product itself , but the whole thing is so self - indulged that it becomes so hard to follow .
and if it were n't for wes craven 's production on this film , it would n't be anything to do with the original remake .
but the whole thing makes you go
" is this supposed to be horror or comedy ? "
because there are lots of ridiculous , randomly placed jump moments and stupid one liners ( i.e.
" there 's a hand in the sh**er ! "
or " you motherfu**er !
i 'll kill you all damn sons of b**tches ! " ) and the acting ( god do n't even remind me how bad it was .
storyline :
( this part contains spoilers , beware ! )
the movie begins with a woman giving birth to a mutant baby ( ooh la la ! ) , and then the screen fades to black with the movie 's title appearing , and a monologue .
then we go to this office where there are randomly placed war veteran mannequins .
we find that this is for this one scientist keeping track of people looking for mutants .
the box to keep track of audio feeds is gone , and everyone dies !
after that tone - setting opening , you 'd expect more .
then , we go to this one team of military recruits training in baghdad .
as the captain parades them " a good job at stupidity " , their last day of training is in new mexico , the desert where the family in the last thhe had stayed because they were stuck .
while in training , things go ultimately wrong , people die , and ... do i need to tell you any more ?
because right now i have the attention span of a goldfish just forcing myself to sit here and type this .
the thing that 's wrong with thhe2 is that it just dosen't work .
no flashbacks here , and the ending is pretty safe ... but with a twist !
a stupid one , that is .
i 'm pretty sure
the ultra super director 's cut with a holographic cover and a ticket to the hills have eyes 3 will showcase all of it 's alternate endings , but at this point , i 'm not sure if i care .
so by all means , if you loved the first thhe so much it 's almost a sin not to see this , then by all means , see it .
but if else , then , avoid at all costs .
it 's for your own good.3/10
a stuttering plot , uninteresting characters and sub - par ( to say the least ) dialogue plagues this tv production that could hardly have been interesting even with a billion dollar production budget .
the characters are n't believable , in their motives , actions or their professed occupations .
the plot reads like a bad dungeons and dragons(tm ) hack but with plasma rifles and force fields .
there are severe continuity issues and the degree of pointless interaction between the characters has this author , at least , wincing .
avoid it like the plague .
watch any episode of dark angel and you will have better acting , dialogue and plot .
yuck .
with a title like this , you know not to expect a great horror movie .
but this was really bad , even with low expectations .
the plot is really insulting and stupid : an escaped criminal wears a halloween mask
, so everyone around him thinks he 's someone else .
this joke might actually work for 5 or 10 minutes , but not during the entire movie !
the actors are not that bad , but their characters are rather dumb and the story is boring and downright stupid .
no suspense , no excitement and little gore ( very cheap ) .
satan 's little helper tries to combine horror ( ... ) with comedy and fails dramatically at that .
it became so boring towards the end , that i actually stopped watching 10 minutes before the end .
i could n't care whatever happened .
amanda plummer was great in pulp fiction , but come on ..
that was 13 years ago , and she has n't done anything decent after that .
so no wonder that she had to sink as low as this piece of crap ..
avoid or be warned ..
difficult to call the grudge a horror movie .
at best it made me slightly jump from surprise at a couple of moments .
if one forgets the ( failed ) frightening dimension and looks at other sides of the movie , he is again disappointed .
the acting is ok but not great .
the story can be somewhat interesting at the beginning , while one is trying to get what 's happening .
but toward the end one understands there is not much to understand .
scary " elements seems sometimes to have been added to the script without reason ...
so ...
( yawn )
see this movie it if you have nothing more interesting to do , like cutting the carrots or looking at the clouds .
this was a truly insipid film .
the performances are third rate , and the dialogue is so stilted that at times it seemed to have just rolled over and died .
my reason for renting this was simple : find a movie with scriptwriting .
i needed a visual aid for my presentation , so i figured why not use a clip ?
boy was i wrong .
after searching my local video store , i came upon this , where it was suspiciously titled " starstruck " .
i thought , " what the hey " , and decided to give it a try .
well , i was very unhappy with my results .
there was maybe one scene i could use , and meanwhile , i was practically falling asleep because of the sheer banality of the flick .
so ..... i took this back and picked up ed wood .
there 's a movie i can use as an example .
then again , anything would be presentable compared to the drivel that is " starfucker " .
the creativeness of this movie was lost from the beginning when the writers and directors left out a good story line , only to substitute with horrible special affects .
this movie seemed to be focused on amusing children , but could n't even accomplish that .
many small low budget films have the potential to become great movies , but this movie is no where near that .
fortunately this will be another film easily made , and easily forgotten .
this movie was probably a chance for the actors to make a little money on the side until their chance came along for a real role in a good movie .
anyone who has a shred of respect for films , should avoid seeing this movie at all costs .
those three lines sum up this crappy little film that can only attract idiot children and their parents to the cinema .
and its ... # 1 movie in america !
what is this country thinking ?
mike myers looking more like micheal jackson .
some chineese lady that falls asleep within 3 minutes .
a lame plot with dirty jokes .
it 's grotesuque and awful .
when green - eggs and ham comes out in 2005 i 'll be so happy !
( not )
eddie murphy and tracy morgan will probably play two hipsters trying to find the lost green - eggs and ham .
they 'll try to chase sam - i - am and that mean guy who are running away with it .
( i hope they do n't ruin the classic book . )
do n't waste time and money by seeing this .
i am definitely in the minority opinion on this one . "
the hurt locker " has won more " best picture " awards from the critic groups than any other film this year .
however , not only did i not like it , i found it hard to sit through .
there is minimal plot and little character development .
they disarm bombs , fight , and disarm more bombs .
that is the entire movie .
but the worst part was that the camera never stops moving and is constantly shaking .
this has been a recent fad in film making and it is supposed to make it seem more real because it has a cheap , documentary look to it .
the camera was shaking so much
it was making me nauseous to look at the screen .
i normally do n't care for war movies and " the hurt locker " was no exception .
but you do n't need to take my word for it because the critics love it .
i 'm a huge steven seagal fan .
hell , i probably weigh as much as he does although i do n't have the street cred to sport the frizzy - mullet - ponytail .
having stated my own bias and affection for america 's favorite corpulent stage and screen hero , it is with a heavy heart that i must declare this to be his worst movie ever .
i 'm not sure he could make a movie any worse than this .
in his defense the major problems with this film seem to occur in post - production .
it 's painfully obvious that this movie was supposed to have a different storyline .
that results in woeful voiceovers in which steve 's voice does n't nearly sync up with that of the dubbed voice .
the editing is pisspoor and overall this starts bad , gets even worse , and by the end you 'll wish you had rewatched the da vinci code instead .
yes , it 's that bad .
after this i do n't know what to expect from steve .
my friends still laugh at me for listening to his cds .
is it time i start checking out some of the van damme direct to dvd nutty logs ?
if you are tempted to watch this movie , rip your eyeballs out and flush them down the toilet .
a lifetime of darkness is better than 89 minutes of this .
considering that this movie had a serious and quite successful launching campaign , i would have expected something to be worth the fuzz ... from the opening scene on ( in which the two brothers " sensually " caress each other , laying naked in a bed ) it goes rapidly downwards ... nothing to get the attention , not a mind - catching thing in the whole plot , baaad baad acting ( a few minor exceptions , but artificiality is at its best ) .
incest and lesbianism are promising themes , but the script analyses none of the two in depth ( mind that a possible excuse of the makers , saying that they aimed for a subtle movie would be hilarious , unless subtle and superficial mean the same thing ... ) .
the too curious viewers will not get any interesting scene ...
at this point , that could have saved some of the movie ...
so you can imagine how bad it is .
many other things could be said ... but please watch the movie yourselves ...
i am an egoist and i would like as many people as possible to waste about 1 1/2h of their lives ...
like i did :(
some people have made a point of dissing this movie because they question the plausibility of black people in the old west , asian people in the old west or women with guns in the old west period .
get a grip and read a book .
there were quite a few asians ( chinese ) , there were quite a few blacks ( freedmen ) and
everybody outside of the gentile class had ready access to guns ; it is the second amendment you know .
and as far as the use of modern language goes , none of those westerns people have waxed nostalgic about actually used language that was consistent with the era depicted .
americans had different accents , used different inflections , spoke at a very different pace and used plenty of words and phrases that would be unrecognizable today .
do n't blame historical inaccuracy for the fact that you just did n't dig it .
be honest .
maybe you 're just uncomfortable with what you 're seeing .
with the massive advertising this is getting on nickelodeon and nick jr. and that ilk , my son was bugging us to see it .
between dvd and the theaters , i 've seen pretty much everything by now from the outstanding ( incredibles , shrek ) to the really bad ( wall - e , brother bear ) .
but this was easily the worst movie i 've ever seen , kids or no kids .
it was a " when it this stupid thing going to end ? "
kind of experience ?
ok , it 's aimed at toddlers (
or it better be
- it 's insulting to the intelligence of anyone over 3 ) , but i 've never seen something so predictable , repetitive , and slow - moving .
then once you 're finally fed up but relieved that the movie is over , there is this bizarre thing at the end that you think is the setup for a joke , but there is n't one
- it 's serious , though it 's hard to tell what they 're trying to accomplish .
the 3-d effects ...
, if you 've never seen a viewmaster they 're a big deal ,
otherwise no ( if you look at the screen without glasses , it appears to be the same process ) .
even my son was bored by the end .
both my wife and i looked at each other and said " wow " at the end .
bad in every respect .
a worn - out plot of a man who takes the rap for a woman in a murder case + the equally worn - out plot of an outsider on the inside who eventually is shut out .
with such an outstanding case , one would think the film would rise above its hackneyed origins .
but scene after scene drones by with no change in intensity , no character arcs , and inexplicable behavior .
the homosexuality theme was completely unnecessary -- or on the other hand , completely unexplored .
it seemed to be included only to titillate the viewers .
when will hollywood learn that having gay characters does not automatically make a more compelling picture?a regrettably dreadful movie .
when will lauren bacall pick a good one ?
i expected better of her and kristin scott thomas .
this one is definitely one to miss .
i was n't as " lucky " as some of the others commenting on this film : i have never seen anything else out of the ...
shall we say ... " fecund " mind of sarno .
i agree with many : some of the actresses who spend a lot of time topless and
( go - go ) dancing are not really that attractive .
i kinda liked fraulein crank(?) ...
she was so homely , she was cute !
the acting was pretty stale , also , though delivering lines in a second language might have accounted for a lot of that problem .
trying to follow the plot was a major chore : was there one , really ?
i do heartily agree with one other comment : for a vampire movie , there 's not much blood .
yep , if you want good bloodsucking flicks , check out such hammer classics as " horror of dracula " and ( my personal favourite ) " brides of dracula" .
the most ( unintentionally ) humorous part is where the lady doctor gets her clothes torn off by a cloud of bats ...
which you never see! ...
the bats , i mean .
okay as a time - waster if you happen to catch it on cable here in the great white north but , for heaven 's sake , do n't rent it !
the novelty of hearing clean - cut jay leno spout four - letter words is the only memorable aspect of this formulaic mismatched - police - partners caper .
in collision course , the pelican - faced comedian teams up with the late pat morita to track down a stolen prototype turbocharger ( think car lover leno played a hand in the plot ? ) .
the two leads try hard , they really do , but leno is no actor and morita 's fish - out - of - water routine gets old in a hurry .
the film carries a bit of cheesy ' 80s appeal , but its worthy moments become increasingly scarce as it fills out its overlong 100-minute running time .
fans of leno 's considerable comedic talents will feel let down ; everyone else will just be bored .
hellborn starts as
a young psychiatric doctor named james bishop ( matt stasi ) takes up his residency at st. andrews insane asylum , or ' mental illness facility ' as they like to call it there .
with nearly 600 patients bishop meets his boss dr. mccort ( bruce payne ) & is put to work , he gets ward '
a ' where some seriously deranged & dangerous patients are held .
if that was n't bad enough during his first round of visits
bishop finds a dead body & has threatening sounding graffiti messages sprayed over his room .
bishop starts to hear stories from the patients about sinister goings - on at the asylum & soon finds out for himself
the stories have more than a hint of truth about them ...
known as asylum of the damned in the us
this supernatural horror film was directed by philip j. jones & i sort of liked it
but in the end there were too many unsatisfying elements for me to totally enjoy it .
the script by matt mccombs takes itself pretty seriously & i quite liked the basic idea behind & some of it 's ideas
but there are a few things which work against it .
for a start the film is just too slow , the story is pretty good & does n't give itself away too early
but it takes an absolute age for it to get going
& i was rapidly losing interest with each passing minute .
i also thought the so - called twist ending was far too predictable & the ending itself far too bland & forgettable .
it 's a shame because i liked the story , the character 's , the setting & some of the ideas
but it 's simply too slow & frankly dull to keep one entertained over it 's 90 minute duration .
it 's one of those films which i would like to recommend but in all honesty i can't .
director jones does a good job , this is actually a well lit & quite atmospheric film .
i would n't say there 's anything scary here .
i 'm not sure if hellborn was shot in a real insane asylum but if it was n't they did a great job on the sets & the film
looks pretty good overall .
unfortunately there is a real lack of gore or action , there are two hand - print shaped wounds & a severed tongue & that 's it , absolutely nothing else in terms of blood or gore which has to go down as a disappointment .
depending on who you believe & which review you read the special effects are either the worst ever or very good , well as a devoted watcher of low budget horror
i was very impressed with the effects especially the demon thing which looks mightily impressive & is a man in a suit type effect rather than a terrible cgi computer graphic although it 's an impressive suit .
it all depends on your expectations i suppose .
technically the film is good , it looks nice enough & the lack of cgi computer effects is something i welcome .
the acting is n't great though , it certainly could have been better .
hellborn is a film that disappointed me , there were some good stuff about it
but at the same time some terrible stuff which unfortunately outweighs the good .
i sort of liked parts of it
but as a whole 90 minute viewing experience i 'd find it totally impossible to recommend to anyone .
i do n't really post comments , but wanted to make sure to warn people off this film .
it 's an unfinished student film with no redeeming features whatsoever .
on a technical level , it 's completely amateur - constant unintentional jump edits within scenes , dubbing wildly off , etc .
the plot is completely clichéd , the structure is laughable , and the acting is embarrassing .
i do n't want to be too harsh : i 've made my share of student films , and they were all awful , but there 's no reason for this film to be out in the world where innocent fans will have to see it .
safe assumption that - much like the cast - positive comments are filmmakers , friends , and family .
story of a good - for - nothing poet and a sidekick singer who puts his words to music .
director danny boyle has lost none of his predilection for raking in the gutter of humanity for characters but he has lost , in this film , the edge for creating inspiring and funny films .
strumpet is painful to watch and barely justified by the fact that it was made for tv .
when the folks at kino video assembled their fine " slapstick encyclopedia " collection , a multi - cassette selection of silent comedies , someone decided to kick off the first installment with one too many ( 1916 ) , an obscure one - reel farce made in florida starring the very young oliver hardy .
as enjoyable as the set is over all , this decision was an unfortunate one , for one
too many is a very poor film which almost discourages the viewer from watching further .
like any typical farce , this one involves deception inspired by greed , panic when plans go awry , and complications escalating to the point of absurdity , but unlike the good ones , one too many is incoherent , unfunny , and downright annoying .
it 's hard to tell at this point whether the hopelessly confusing plot is the result of missing footage or inept film - making , but whatever the cause , by the halfway point even the most alert viewer has no idea what the character relationships are or what is happening , and by the end one no longer cares .
the only point of interest here is seeing the 24 year - old " babe " hardy , who appears considerably heavier than he would a decade later when he teamed with stan laurel , but who is nonetheless full of youthful energy .
in the opening scene , awakening with a hangover , babe performs a highly athletic backward roll off a bed .
trust me , that 's as funny as this movie gets .
if you read this before seeing the first cassette of kino 's " slapstick encyclopedia " i suggest you fast - forward past this one and skip to the good stuff .
a movie best summed up by the scene where a victim simulates disembowelment by pulling some poor animal 's intestines out from under her t - shirt .
too terrible for words .
i really did n't like this movie because it did n't really bring across the messages and ideas
l'engle brought out in her novel .
we had read the novel in our english class and i absolutely loved it , i 'm afraid i ca n't say the same for the film .
there were some serious differences between the novel and the adapted version and it just did n't do any credit to the imaginative genius that is madeleine l'engle !
this is the reason i gave it such a poor rating .
do n't see this movie if you are a big fan of l'engle 's texts because you will be sorely disappointed .
however , if you are watching the movie for entertainment purposes ( or educational as was my case ) then it is an alright movie !
why oh why do people take good material and feel the need to change it some
having read the book on which this film is allegedly based a couple of years ago , i can say that there is little if anything from the original book .
i went into this film with low expectations - i knew it would have a crappy telemovie feel to it - but it even failed to meet these .
this is not a prequel - the only relationship it has with the original is the name .
this is not the story of carlito brigante , it is the story of a totally different character who 's been given the same name .
they have just totally spat in the face of every carlito 's way fan out there ; adding insult to injury by casting luis guzman , who plays a crucial character in the original movie , in a different role .
what 's most disappointing is that now that this film has been made no other film will be made addressing the original , untouched material of the book carlito 's way - something i really would have liked to have seen .
i felt the same way about chopper - they have four books as well as interviews worth of fantastic non - fictional material and could have made a brilliant biography of australia 's most feared underworld figure
, instead they made a ho - hum film about a deranged but strangely pathetic small time crook ( though eric bana 's performance was spot - on ) .
now we will never get to see carlito 's real initial rise and fall .
the three stars is because , looking at it purely as a stand - alone flick , it is not so appalling - there are some decent performances ( jay hernandez is no carlito
but he could be good in other roles ) and the story is not too bad .
even puffy combs suits his role .
but they totally misunderstand the nature of the underworld at that time ( i am a bit of a crime - non - fiction buff)- something which the original film and the books got right ( having been written by then attorney and now judge
edwin torres).the fact is though , it 's not a stand alone
- it 's perhaps the most disappointing prequel ever filmed .
the worst , and chock full of people who really ought to know better , ( the cast have six oscars between them ) .
it 's set in ' contemporary ' africa , ( it was made in 1979 ) , and is about the slave trade .
it 's appallingly scripted and acted , ( michael caine , peter ustinov and william holden reach a career low in this one ) , and completely lacks excitement never mind any moral focus .
it 's also ludicrously plotted .
you do n't for a minute believe that any of the characters would behave in the way they do under these circumstances .
richard fleischer directs but
you get the impression it was over the telephone .
this is as bad as it gets .
for those who never saw a chorus line onstage and their only exposure to the story was this film , this film is ok as movie musicals , nothing special , just ok .
i have seen the show on broadway 4 times and even auditioned for a touring company of the show once and for someone who pretty much memorized the original production , the 1985 film version is so dreadful on so many levels that i do n't even know where to begin .
first of all , for those who have never auditioned for a theatrical production , let me assure you that irl when you audition for a play , the director , producer , and choreographer never ask personal questions and do n't give a crap about why you wanted to become a performer .
a real theatrical audition , whether it be for a play or a musical , rarely takes more than five minutes .
if you 're auditioning as a dancer , you get shown a 64-bar dance combination once , you do it , and then they decide immediately whether you 're in or out .
michael bennett 's original concept of the show was to flesh out the lives of dancers and introduce to the uninitiated the passion for performing and why so many sacrifice so much for so little .
the play is about these dancers .
first of all , director richard attenborough took so much focus off the dancers by beefing up the cassie / zach relationship and by casting michael douglas as zach .
in the play , you never see zach ...
he is just a voice in the back of the theater and his relationship with cassie is barely touched upon .
cassie shown in the cab in traffic trying to get to the audition and upstairs talking to larry ( a character who is not even in the play)was all
added for the movie and took so much focus off what the story is about .
major musical numbers were cut or rethought .
the opening number in the play
" i hope i get it " shows all of the dancers doing a jazz and ballet combination and then people get eliminated .
in the movie they jam three hundred dancers onstage together and show them in closeup to disguise the fact that they have cast people in the film who ca n't dance ( can you say " audrey landers " ) .
goodbye 12 , goodbye 13 , hello love " , a brilliant vocal exploration of these dancers ' childhood 's jaundiced memories was reworked as " surprise , surprise " mainly a vehicle for the late gregg burge as richie .
the show 's most famous song , "
what i did for love " which in the show was a touching allegory sung by the entire cast about what they give up to dance , becomes just another standard love song in the film , performed tiredly by a miscast allyson reed as cassie .
jeffrey hornaday 's choreography for the film is dull and unimaginative and does n't hold a candle to michael bennett ' original staging and when you 're making a movie about dancers , the choreography has to be special .
there are a couple of good dancers in the film , the previously mentioned gregg burge as richie , michelle johnston as bebe , and janet jones as judy , but they are hardly given the opportunity to show what they can do , yet audrey landers , who can barely walk and chew gum at the same time , is given one of the show 's best numbers , " dance 10 , looks 3 .
" i will admit that the finale , " one " is dazzling , but you have to wait almost two hours for that .
i would say that if you never saw a chorus line onstage , this film might be worth a look , but if you are a devotee of the original broadway musical ... be afraid ... be very afraid .
i had never heard of this one before the owner of my local dvd rental outlet mentioned it to me ; being a 1980s horror flick with the notorious distinction of having been banned in the u.k. , i decided to check it out .
the film turned out be a dull , amateurish and ugly - looking ride ; the sound recording is so poor that dialogue is unintelligible half of the time , whereas the acting gives new meaning to the word inept !
what ’s worse , the film follows the awfully tired formula of a trio of teenage girls being involved in an accident and finding themselves sheltered by a dysfunctional family living in remote surroundings .
soon , one of the girls goes to look for help and is never heard from again ; another , still bed - ridden , is quickly disposed of ( after being forgotten for most of the duration ) .
the heroine is the one to interact the most with the three inhabitants of the house : a harridan of a bible - thumping mother ( cue horrendous overacting ) , her repressed ( and long - suffering ) daughter , and the latter ’s weirdo brother who occasionally appears on the scene to drool over the sleeping female guests .
often resorting to dinner - table reminiscences by the man - hating mother ( as a means of filling in the dreary , to say nothing of unoriginal , backstory ) and which invariably develop into mother - daughter sparring contests , the film does have one ace up its sleeve – the twist ending is as unexpected as it is ingenious , but it does little to remove the bad taste left in the mouth by the film ( as much through the lameness of it all as the intermittent gore ) or the inescapable feeling of having wasted 80 minutes of my time ...
sugar & spice is one of the worst movies of 2001 .
the film tries to cross heathers and bring it on and fails .
when i saw last january i was so disgusted by the film that i walked and talked on my cell phone to my girlfriend for the last half hour of the movie .
i 've heard that the dvd has a director 's cut
maybe i 'll check it out , but this pg-13 trash movie is s
* * * and the worst kind of
s * * * .
maybe if the film had some t&a that would 've have made it okay .
but the gags are lame and the acting is horrible .
worse than a troma film .
easily the worst movie i have ever seen in my life .
direction : none .
story : pathetic .
screenplay : that will be a good idea .
there is a lot of gratuitous graphics , all of pathetic quality .
preserve your sanity , do nt ever see this movie !
i looked over the other comments and was thoroughly amused to find that clearly only people who actually worked on the movie had commented .
i mean , i hate to say bad things about an amateur production , but if you make a bad movie and want to comment on it , tone it down a little .
" groundbreaking " is a little over the top .
this is a boston based college production that does n't even achieve the level of most amateur college film .
it 's what you would expect a bunch of kids to do .
a silly action film without much creativity .
it 's pretty funny if you 're willing to poke fun at it .
not something you will ever see unless you are a student at emerson college .
and i repeat , please do not see this movie !
this is more than a review .
this is a warning .
this sets the record for the worst , most effortless comedy ever made .
at least with most of the recent comedies nowadays , the gags are crude and flat , but the writers and directors put in at least some sort of effort into making them funny .
i never get tired of repeating one of my favorite mottos : everyone thinks they can do comedy , and only 10 percent of them are right .
comedy is hard !
this is not some genre any fool can play around with .
i think it 's atrocious that the filmmakers are comparing this piece of garbage to " kentucky fried movie .
" basically , these bozos are comparing their so - called comic talents to those of the brilliant jim abrahams and the zucker brothers .
come on , i 've seen pauly shore movies that are 10 times funnier than " the underground comedy movie .
" here 's a sample of the comedy for those curious about seeing this movie : one sketch involves a superhero dressed like a penis named d**kman .
the whole joke is that he defeats his enemies by squirting them with semen .
that 's it .
that 's the whole joke .
this is enough to make carrot top roll his eyes .
another sketch involves a man having sex with a dead person in a porn movie .
and in another sketch , there 's a bag lady beauty contest , in which we 're exposed to the horrible sights of bikini - clad middle - aged women with beer guts and stretch marks .
plus , making fun of the homeless is more sad than funny .
it 's a step away from mocking the mentally handicapped .
the whole movie is supposed to be a satire .
i think the filmmakers forgot that a key element of satire ... is truth ! ! !
for anybody who actually enjoyed this crap , explain to me what is truthful about any of these gags !
some of the sketches might 've sounded funny on paper , but anybody who 's taken any screen writing classes knows that if a sight gag sounds too funny on paper , it probably wo n't be funny on screen .
if i tell someone about a big , black , muscular gay virgin , who 's saving himself for the right man , he or she would probably laugh .
but watching the premise played out on screen for about 10 minutes is a complete drag .
i hate how whenever people criticize a low - brow comedy like this for not being funny , they 're regarded as stuck - up squares .
i just saw " white chicks " recently .
that 's another low - brow , politically incorrect comedy , but i laughed my head off .
the most offensive thing about " the underground comedy movie " is it 's not funny !
what the writers and directors do n't understand is that merely being filthy and tasteless does n't work .
there has to be more !
just think of the famous scene from " there 's something about mary " ( ironically , enough the bozo filmmakers put the farrellys on their special thanks list ) .
the joke about the semen was n't just funny because it involved bodily fluids .
there was a buildup .
ben stiller was masturbating in the bathroom to make sure he did n't go out on a date with a " loaded gun . "
then he looked around to see where all the semen went after it was released .
a knock is on the door , and he has to answer it .
his date , mary , is at the door and that 's when it 's revealed that the semen is hanging off ben 's ear .
in this movie , there are multiple gags involving characters squirting loads of semen at people , with no buildup whatsoever .
as jay leno always says , " this comedy thing 's not so easy , is it ? "
keep that in mind , vince offer , 'cause you were n't cut out for this genre ! !
the only reason people might laugh at these gags is because they want to feel hip .
let 's face it , nowadays it 's hip to laugh at anything politically incorrect .
i know comedy is subjective ... but this movie should n't be funny to anybody , except maybe the filmmakers themselves .
as a side note , the movie had to have been made before michael clarke duncan 's fame in movies like " armageddon " and " the green mile .
" there ca n't be any other reason why an actor of his caliber would volunteer to be part of this amateurish freak show .
all the others in the cast are either non - actors , has - been actors or b - movie stars .
karen black made a good impression in " five easy pieces , " but i do n't think she 's done anything of value ever since .
slash was probably drugged into being in this film .
gina lee nolin is nothing without " baywatch .
angelyne is the film 's biggest star ( keeping in mind duncan was n't famous at the time ) , and there are still probably a ton of people who have n't heard of her -- for good reason .
usually , i 'm in support of extremely low - budget flicks , but this one deserves to drift into obscurity .
i hope to lord this does n't become a cult classic !
should n't there be a law against distributing crap like this ?
saw this film ran in the wee hours on tcm .
several problems with the film were apparent from what i saw .
first , the adults did not age when the children did for 10 years .
several parts of the film had continuity problems & for some reason the actor who played the youngest son looked like the oldest when the 10 years passed .
the copy i saw was missing about 20 minutes or so , at least a huge gap with black screen appeared .
it is too bad , because even though the script left something to be desired , bergman & russell both did fine in the film in their roles .
it is a shame the large chunk is missing , but what is here is watchable .
i just wish it was all intact .
the script makes little sense in that bergman 's character is sent away when the kids are small but then brought back to take care of them when they are adults ?
some of the time lines do n't make sense either .
there is a stock market crash that resembles 1929
but the kids grow up to fight in world war 1 .
all the acting by the support folks in this film is fine .
just wonder what was in the 20 gap of film i could not see as it was missing .
i ca nt believe some people actually like this .
yet still call themselves batman fans .
even going as far as to say it 's better than btas .
which it 's not .
it should be plagiarism for them to use batman 's name for this piece of crap .
it 's not batman .
the whole premise of the show is ' ' if you ca nt defeat someone get a bigger weapon to help you ' '
batman is n't all about weapons .
he uses his batarang and grappling hook and batmobile , that s it .
he does n't come up with some new ingenious tech every time he ca nt beat someone .
i do n't know where the hell they got the idea for a batbot .
or whatever .
they have ruined all the villains .
mr. freeze has gone from a sympathetic scientist to a petty criminal who fell in some cryofreezing thing .
catwoman is now a 40 or 50 year old woman with a dumb costume .
penguin is now a ninja with a 50 ft .
tall top hat .
the ventriloquist is now called scarface making the dummy the whole centerpiece for the character .
they even got a dumb idea to make him a giant !
and the two worst character changes are that of the joker and riddler .
they have changed riddler to a gothic / retro teenage freak .
and the joker to an acrobat with dreads .
he looks like a bob marley wannabe .
they have completely and utterly ruined batman even moreso than b&r did !
i wish i could meet the creators and or writers and animators of this show
so i could whack them in the head with a metal baseball bat .
way back when i was renting videos for free i picked this one up .
oops the things i wanted to mention outside the summary already given were these .
1 : someone who had a lot to do with making this movie had a strange and sick fascination for food , it was gross and unecessary .
: there is some kind of a soundtrack in the background of the film that seems to be there the entire time and by the way i felt for days after viewing this trash
i figure they had something subliminal going on in the track .
either that or it was just traumatisingly bad or both .
many times throughout the movie you can tell the writer and director did not have much experience or talent .
and do n't even ask about the acting .
i 'm a big fan of troma
but i ca n't figure out why they bought the rights to this movie
, it 's so boring
i felt like i was watching for 3 hours .
some where on the plot summary it says " but what satan does n't know he 's stuck with annoying tourists "
well they did n't seem to bother him in the movie , just me .
the only good thing about this movie is the actor who plays satan , i like bad movie 's
but it was just boring .
i had such high hopes for this film because i loved the original so much .
it seems that disney , however , is trying to perfect the art of crappy straight - to - dvd sequels .
they deserve a razzie .
several , in fact .
i thought the idea had merit , but the music was absolutely awful and the story was n't much better .
what happened to the great music disney used to have in their films .
mary poppins , aladdin , beauty and the beast , the lion king ... even hercules and the hunchback of notre dame .
they 've made so many great movies over the years that it 's really sad that they 've sunk to point of making sequels that are n't even good enough to put in theatres .
i hope this movie is not an indication of things to come for the walt disney corporation .
while filming an 80 's horror movie called ' hot blooded ' , the director is brutally murdered and the leading lady is scarred as she survives the attack and manages to kill murderer .
after all of this , the production is abandoned and the stock reels are left to gather dust .
so a group of filmmakers decide to pick up where the film left off even though they 're warned by people to keep away from the film , as the last person who was interested in the flick turned up dead in the cinema while watching the film .
from this it 's labelled as a cursed production .
not taking these warnings seriously the crew goes ahead with the production and they get the original star of the movie to return from hollywood to reprise her role , but not as the daughter but the mother .
but again the murders start occurring with the cast and crew getting butchered by an unknown figure dressed up as the film 's killer .
look what ' scream ' started !
hey , i enjoy those films , but mostly everything else that followed on afterwards were annoying and pointless excuses .
during this stage the sub - genre came back with vengeance , but it was n't much of a good thing as they were mostly unsuccessful and unoriginal attempts , where they followed the derivative pattern of the scream franchise . '
cut ' which is an independent australian take on the textbook slasher genre is purely shonky garbage that lacks basically everything and shamelessly knocks off every other slasher flick .
but you know what , i found it a cheesy delight .
yeah , it 's gawd awful and highly forgettable , but it 's a bit of ala good cheap fun while it lasted .
although i did hate it when i originally came across it , but the second time around i knew what i was getting myself into and it worked better for it .
it was just like helping myself to a nice slice cheesecake again , but this time it was n't so sweet .
the film came out around the same time as ' scream 3 ' and ' urban legends :
the final cut ' did , which all three follow the same structure of using a movie within a movie . '
scream 3 ' is obviously the strongest of the three , but i would actually watch this trash over urban legends :
the final cut .
though , it did seem more of a throwback to the 80 's slashers than that of one of scream 's bastard offspring .
pretty much the film is given b - grade treatment and that shows up in the script and performances .
the dialog is truly unimaginative and hardly comes up with any surprises and suspense .
while , the performances are pure mockery and molly ringwald takes the crown for it .
she plays the wash - up actress returning to finish the cursed flick
and i had good fun with her laughably ridiculous send - up performance .
she provides the bite here and nails it down perfectly .
the rest were mostly recognizable australian tv stars ( that 's if you 're an australian ) with a ravishing jessica napier leading the cast with the likes of stephen curry and frank roberts .
also pop singer ( and supposed actress )
kylie minogue makes a cameo appearance in the opening just to be hacked up !
nice .
these teens mostly followed the formula of horny and dim - witted kids that have nothing better to do but to be killed .
sometimes it feels like they just waiting in queue , because they have no real substance to be there .
the plot starts off rather interestingly , then heads into a mystery phase where red herrings pop up , but then it makes a sudden u - turn where it becomes a somewhat satire on the horror genre .
simply it 's rather choppy and when it comes to the explanation for all of this madness
i was kind of left thinking  
oh my .
this when it tries to twist back onto itself in a clever manner , but sadly it falls along way .
but do n't you just love an opening ending .
also it sports some pop culture references and a self referential , tongue - in - cheek approach .
predictability makes its way in rather early and the jokes can become over - stated at times , but it knows that by poking fun at itself quite a bit .
the atmosphere looses a bit of edge because of the humour taking away the bleakness , but still the isolated grand old mansion where they are filming
has some neat touches that added ' some ' spookiness .
the cinema scene is done rather nicely too .
now , now we know we want gore and nudity when watching this type of flick , but sadly there 's no nudity to be found and the gore is pretty standard , if lacking
but it 's more then decent for such low - budget flick .
there are one or two creative deaths , but the rest are systematic .
the killer was n't bad but when he spoke it kind of hurt it
i thought , well the smart - ass attitude did n't sit well with me .
another notes of the production which were dire ranged from the cut - away editing , out - of - place soundtrack and kimble rendall 's direction lacked execution and was pretty careless , but these contributing factors pull together to add some sort of sheer entertainment to all of this badness .
the imagination matches the budget that 's for sure , but heck this lousy slasher was n't trying to be anything else .
pure schlock that 's slightly amusing !
i am sad that a period of history that is so fascinating and so rich in material for film can be made into a ho - hum event .
wm c quantrill was barely shown in the film , probably the most intriquing figure of the period .
frank james was never mentioned , cole younger , ditto , and bloody bill anderson , who would weep for his murdered sister every time he went into battle was completely absent in the script .
instead we were forced to watch fictitious characters that never developed into anyone we cared about .
how sad .
the costumes were wonderful however , as was the location shooting in missouri .
i hope ang lee will make another film from the period and try again , or some other film maker will look into the tremendous wealth of material to write a screen play on .
capt .
gallagher ( lemmon ) and flight attendant eve clayton ( vaccaro ) are a supposedly hot item in this death trip ; a luxury 747 airliner decked out to look like a nightclub - slash - hotel  
there 's even a blind piano player who falls in love .
karen wallace ( grant ) is the hysterical b!$3 & who 'll do anything to get attention from henpecked husband martin ( christopher lee )
and , later , the rest of the people on board .
memorable moments :
boeing 747 doing a belly flop in the atlantic ocean , karen getting her chops busted when she goes too far , and furniture ( and screaming people ) who become ' ball bearings ' in a sinking ' pinball machine .
'the action and rescue sequences here are relatively phenomenal , but not much goes on in between .
hitchcock was supposed to have directed this sequel , but i forget the reason why not   he would 've done wonders for the 1970 original , on which this sequel is partly inspired ( ' 77 also got inspiration from ` the flight of the phoenix ' ) .
actors cotten and de havilland reunite from their days on ` hush , hush , sweet charlotte ' ( apparently here they are not playing heavies , just reunited autumn years ' lovers ) .
and is n't the actress playing emily 's companion the same one who played the hammered - to - death maid on ` whatever happened to baby
jane?'tv actors include the girlfriend from ` mayberry rfd ' ( her character 's daughter wins a drawing contest , or something lame like that ) , ` buck rogers ' gil gerard and ` dynasty 's ' pamela bellwood .
vampires vs .
zombies starts with the breaking news that the unidentified disease that is spreading across america leaves the sufferer with homicidal & cannibalistic tendencies ...
travis fontaine ( c.s. munro ) & his teenage daughter jenna ( bonny giroux ) listen to the radio as they drive along the isolated backwoods roads to try & escape the disease when travis runs over a guy who i assume is meant to be a zombie .
slightly further down the road he stops to help julia ( brinke stevens ) & her teenage daughter carmilla ( maratama carlson ) who are waving at the side of the road , at this point there is also a third teenage girl named tessa ( melanie crystal ) sitting in the back of julia 's car bound & gagged .
to me this situation would seem strange but travis , like the trooper he is , takes it all in his stride & agrees to ' take ' carmilla off julia 's hands & , well i do n't know actually .
so , with a complete stranger , travis drives off leaving julia & tessa .
carmilla seems like a nice girl
but she turns out to be a vampire & she
likes to bite people & turn them into vampires ,
oh & she 's partial to a bit of lesbianism too .
travis , carmilla & jenna continue to travel while some guy who calls himself the general ( peter ruginis ) who appears to be some sort of vampire killer & probably has something to do with it all but the film is such a mess it does n't really matter
& i really do n't know how to carry on this plot outline as my head hurts just thinking about it ...
co - edited , co - executive produced , written & directed by
the supremely untalented vince d'amato vampires vs .
zombies is one of the worst horror films ever & therefore one of the worst films ever period .
the script by d'amato was apparently based on a classic story entitled ' carmilla ' by sheridan le fanu ( he should sue ) & is an absolute mess , the holes in the plot & logic are so big you could drive a tank through them !
what is the disease that turns people into zombies ?
why is carmilla a vampire ?
who is julia to her ?
who the hell is the general ?
what does he want ?
where are travis & jenna going ?
how can travis run a man over & yet not have the slightest bit of human emotion over it ?
what 's with the mental ward at the end ?
there are also some confusing & unnecessary dream sequences just to annoy the viewer even more .
there are just so many things wrong with this film , the narrative does n't make a blind bit of sense , the concept is terrible & never really explained properly plus it 's incredibly boring .
i have not one positive thing to say about vampire vs .
zombies , not one .
forget about any vampires fighting zombies because it just does n't happen , tell me again why is this film called vampires vs .
zombies?director d'amato has served up one of the most incompetent , rubbishy , badly made , poorly thought out & excruciatingly painful viewing experiences ever made .
vampires vs .
zombies really has no redeeming qualities at all , there is not one single aspect that i can praise .
the gore is really fake looking , there are some blood splats which look like red water , some really cheap staking effects & a half decent climax where the zombies feast on carmilla 's & jenna 's intestines , this fairly gory scene is probably the best part of the whole wretched film but it only lasts for a couple of minutes & in no way makes up for the other turgid 85.the budget on
vampires vs .
zombies must have been small , in fact did it even have a budget because most of it is set on a road in a couple of cars .
this is one of the most badly made horror films it 's been my misfortune to watch , the entire thing just sucks .
the acting is predictably awful , & i mean awful .
there is n't much else left to say , vampires vs .
zombies is easily one of the worst films ever made .
the ( v ) next to the title on the imdb 's main page for vampires vs .
zoimbies indicates that it went straight to video , well that 's far too good for this pile of crap as it deserves to go straight on the nearest fire .
richard tyler is a little boy who is scared of everything .
he does n't like riding his bike or climbing on his tree house because he knows what kind of accidents might happen to him .
so one day he is riding his bike and because it is starting to rain , he decides to wait in the library until it stops raining .
in there the whole story takes place .
he experiences all kinds of staff and in the end he is not scared any more .
but the whole story is unbelievable and even good actors like macaulay culkin could not make the story better than it is .
i ca n't figure al pacino out .
i watch him in the godfather , scarface , carlito 's way , and i think i am watching one of the greatest actors of the last thirty years .
then i see him in two for the money , any given sunday and revolution , and i wonder what the guy is thinking .
i stumbled on revolution a few nights ago , and thought i would invest the next two hours on this .
here is a news flash
: want to get prisoners to talk ?
force them to watch this over and over ...
they'll confess to anything .
i wo n't rehash the plot since there is no coherent plot , but it does take place during the american revolution and pacino plays an uneducated peasant who does not want to get involved , but ultimately does .
while he has no money , no education and dresses like a caveman , a very hot natasha kinski falls in love with him for no apparent reason , since they have only two minutes of dialogue together .
quite frankly , if " al smith " starred in this movie , instead of " al pacino " , it would have ruined their career .
the script was horrible , but pacino 's demotivated performance and obvious fake accent made it even worse .
donald sutherland 's role was laughable .
i really ca n't describe it .
natasha kinski is a main character , but has like 5 lines in the movie .
in fact , nobody speaks much in this movie .
one of the most laughable premise in the movie is how al pacino and kinski have this uncanny knack to continually run into each other on the battlefield .
its like the entire northeast is a starbucks . "
hey , funny to see you here again
, on another battlefield 100 miles away ... see you in a few months" .
i am required to give this one star by imdb , since there is nothing here for a negative score .
my friend bought the movie for 5 ( its is not even 1 cent worth ) , because they wrote it was like american pie .
but we would soon find out that there is a long way from american pie to that piece of crap .
it is not even a comedy , its more like a really really really bad documentary .
not only the story is bad , the picture and sound also sucks to .
they put in some alcohol , chicks , dwarfs and drunken teens .
and the result is a disaster .
if you see this movie do n't buy it , rather spend your money on something else , and better .
if you are gon na torture yourself , then do n't invite your friend / s , unless you hate really much and you want to get rid of them .
the fifth " black emanuelle " i 've watched has , potentially , the most intriguing plot line dealing as it does with the intrepid female reporter investigating the white slavery / prostitution racket which takes her from san francisco to rome to macao and back to her own hometown , new york !
the film is peopled with past veterans of the series which , inexplicably , play completely different roles , namely ivan rassimov ( appearing here as a head of a united nations committee for third world countries ! ) , karin shubert ( as a feminist rival reporter ) and don powell ( as rassimov 's
chauffeur).unfortunately , as usual with this type of film
( despite their being shown in the dead of night ) , it is heavily edited and a particularly graphic scene ( described in " stracultr ) in which an asian slave trader gets his comeuppance by being sodomized by a dog is nowhere to be seen here ! !
still , a harrowing sequence late in the film when a sleazy politician tricks a couple of girls ( including , naturally , gemser and shubert ) into a midnight rendezvous under a new york bridge with a group of bums ( this is the way he gets their votes , get it ! )
- with his high society pals giddily looking on - seems pretty much intact .
the most ridiculous element of this entry - apart from gemser 's penchant to disrobe completely every time she enters a house ( even in front of perfect strangers ) - is her excursion to india to interview a charlatan / guru ( george eastman made up to look considerably christ - like ! )
who has found a way to prolong coitus indefinitely ; of course , when emanuelle calls him up on it , he ends up having premature ejaculation ... ! !
welcome to movie 17 on the chilling classics 50 pack .
where we 'll see , that 's right .
another movie that makes absolutely no sense .
seriously , this movie had me so confused at the end
, i thought i was rewatching "
at dawn they sleep .
" the plot seems simple enough ....
well that is until 3 seconds into the movie where a girl supposedly killed a cat and then ... um ..
explodes ?
i have no idea what happened .
and that was before the title screen .
that 's really sad when i ca n't even tell what happened in the first 3 minutes .
anyway it stars a photographer with a big mustache who finds this girl after dumping his other girlfriend on the way to take pictures of something somewhere .
so we get there
but not before somebody steals their jeep to drive it 200 feet out of the way towards a town .
suspicious ?
so they decide to stay at this deserted village with one old lady .
and then blah blah stuff happens and blah blah talking .
the guy with the mustache goes out in the fog for some reason even though the old lady tells him not to .
he gets lost and then finds his way back .
oh , i forgot to mention this
is all after an incredibly pointless 20 minutes of them staying in the house of a guy who looks like that buggy eyed guy from casablanca .
then they leave .
there 's really no point to this scene .
it 's really just padding .
if you cut it out no one would have noticed or cared .
but sadly , that was actually the best part of the movie .
wait .
let me rephrase that .
really sadly that was the best part of the movie .
because the rest is so confusing that i had to look on imdb to find out what happened .
but of course no one else knows so i 'm sol .
seriously , the last 30 minutes of the movie were some of the most mindscrewing moments i 've ever seen on film .
they dressed her up in a dress , he gets kidnapped , then released , he runs back to the house , then at the end the witches are in the house and it ends ?
seriously .
i have hardly ever been so confused in a movie .
i mean , as bad as movies such as " war of the robots " are , at least they make sense .
this movie does n't even make the attempt to be coherent .
the ending was as confusing as the end of " at dawn they sleep " and the plot was much more boring .
this movie gets a 1 just for its sheer
" i have no idea what happened in this movie"ness .
" witches mountain " gets 1 confused movie watcher out of 10 .
the fourth " tremors " feature goes back in time , to the year 1889 .
the legend begins " in the small city of " perfection " , which was then " rejection , nevada " .
as the story begins , seventeen miners are killed by the ghastly " graboids " .
some of the characters in the present - day " tremors " films have ancestors , both figurative and literal , in the past .
most obvious is the ever - returning michael gross ( as hiram gummer ) .
unlike his descendant , mr. gross is inept with firearms ; so , he hires gunslinger billy drago ( as " black hand " kelly ) to shoot 'em up some " dirt dragons" .
this one takes some getting used to - as it takes place in the distant past .
it 's like a western with miniature versions of the original film 's monster " graboids " .
these tamer " dirt dragons " are nowhere near as terrorizing as their " tremors " ( 1990 ) counterparts .
consequently , in this film , the characters spend an awful lot of time on the ground , which would not have happened in the original movie .
and , it was weird to have the citizens give up the fight so quickly , when gross temporarily decides to leave town .
why so helpless ?
why did n't brent roam ( as juan pedilla ) immediately rally the people to fight without gross ?
disappointing .
* * * * tremors 4 :
the legend begins ( 2004 )
s.s. wilson ~ michael gross , brent roam , billy drago
when my own child is begging me to leave the opening show of this film , i know it is bad .
i wanted to claw my eyes out .
i wanted to reach through the screen and slap mike myers for sacrificing the last shred of dignity he had .
this is one of the few films in my life i have watched and immediately wished to " unwatch " , if only it were possible .
the other films being ' troll 2 ' and ' fast and furious ' , both which are better than this crap in the hat .
i may drink myself to sleep tonight in a vain attempt to forget i ever witnessed this blasphemy on the good seuss name .
to mike myers , i say stick with austin or even resurrect waynes world .
just because it worked for jim carrey , does n't mean seuss is a success for all canadians .
i had no expectations other than to be entertained for 90 minutes , and that is exactly what i was .
of course it is campy , of course some of the dialog was n't perfect , of course the " special effects " were a bit hokey .
that is exactly why i enjoyed the movie so much .
it is a perfect fit for this genre of a 70 's horror classic .
the talent needs to start some where , that goes for the actors and the crew , and what better piece of material to sharpen your skills on than this .
i for one look forward to another film from these producers and directors .
this is the biggest load of crap that i have seen in a long time .
the last time i hated a movie so much was whilst watching " 28 days later " and " magnolia " .
there is absolutely no point to this movie , except to see some really sick and twisted sex / rape scenes , gillian anderson relieving herself on the side of the road , and every single sentence of dialog having to use the " f " word at least a couple of times in it .
it has extremely cheap acting and is very low budget .
my friend and i eventually turned off the movie after about half an hour .
we had tried to give it a chance , but nothing could save this crud .
do not watch it ! ! !
i saw this movie at a drive - in in 1959 .
until " howard the duck " i considered this the worst movie i had ever seen .
this movie tried to combine all the genera in one ; comedy , horror , teenage angst , and the hot rod that must have sired " my mother , the car .
" maybe it deserves a second viewing to see if it is an accurate reflection of it 's time .
holy crap .
this was the worst film i have seen in a long time .
all the performances are fine , but there is no plot .
really !
no plot !
a bunch of clowns talk about this and that
and that 's your film .
ug ...
robert duvall 's character is senile and keeps asking the same people the same qestions over and over .
this earns him the same responses over and over .
i am pretty sure this film got upto a six because people think they should like it .
good performances with famous and well regarded actors , but the actual complete work is a steamy turd .
well , maybe that 's a bit deceptive since steam rising from a fresh pile sounds a little like something happening and in this film nothing happens !
it was 1974 and it starred martin sheen .
that alone says what to expect of this movie .
and it was a movie .
according to the movie , slovik had reformed , got a good woman , and did n't want to fight .
in real life , slovik may have been a naive innocent , or he may have just wanted to manipulate the system .
whoever slovik was or was n't is for history to decide , but this was a movie that dealt with dessertion at a time when a country was questioning why it was fighting , and the movie took sides .
with no regard to servicemen who were in viet nam either in 1974 ( as willie nelson would say , let 's tell the truth , it was about the viet nam war , not wwii ) , eoes was as propagandistic as gung ho was in the forties .
according to this movie , slovik stated his position , plain and simple .
he had a nervous problem .
heck , i have a clinical nervous condition , and trust me , if i had done military duty , it would have been no problem for me to either just let my nerves go and fail at my tasks and get a demotion or put on kp duty or latrine duty with no problem .
if we believe the teleflick , slovik did n't have that option , no doubt because of his criminal history .
whatever the viewer wants to believe is up to the viewer .
i 've learned that movies from this decade or that decade , in dealing with service or military duty , will pretty much take the same stance over and over.1940s and 1950s , serve your country.1960s and 1970s , mock your country .
this is the history .
the whole movie seemed predictably hollywood to me .
he refused to serve and only when he was being strapped up to be executed does he show emotion .
such an emotional outburst could have easily worked to his advantage in his declaration of his nervous condition , but obviously the movie wanted to show him as a human being and only when he is about to die does he become sorrowful .
i'm not a catholic , but i thought the recital of the hail mary by ned beatty and sheen at the end , with the lord 's prayer , was funny as it sounded like they were trying to see who could say it faster .
i do n't see how this movie could be watched without realizing it was aimed at tricky dick nixon and the viet nam war .
i hope it was all worth it for slovik and anyone who chose to follow his example .
if you are the sort of person who can get a kick out of a very bad movie , then i highly recommend this one .
if you are n't , stay away .
this is an astonishingly cheap - looking movie , and at times you may find yourself wondering if it is n't just a prank someone is pulling on you .
the most positive comment i can make about it is that the people responsible seemed to realize that it was super - low - budget nonsense , so there is at least a sense of fun here .
but this is as amateurish as it gets .
their idea of giant killer mushrooms are simply guys covered with beige colored sheets with what looks like trash can covers on their heads .
it 's obviously not meant to be taken seriously ( to say the least ) , but even with that disclaimer you 'll find yourself shaking your head at the awesome cheesiness of it all .
or laughing out loud frequently , as i did .
lifetime did it again .
can we say stupid ?
i could n't wait for it to end .
the plot was senseless .
the acting was terrible !
especially by the teenagers .
the story has been played a thousand times !
are we just desperate to give actors a job ?
the previews were attractive and i was really looking for a good thriller .
once in awhile lifetime comes up with a good movie , this is n't one of them .
unless one has nothing else to do i would avoid this one at all cost .
this was a waste of two hours of my life .
can i get them back ?
i would have rather scraped my face against a brick wall for two hours then soaked it in peroxide .
that would have been more entertaining .
i will be short ...
this film is an embarrassment to everyone except its cinematographer .
the very fact that it is a critique of the sex tourism industry seems valid until we are " treated " to a lingering dance scene .
the plot is ridiculous no one except the most ardent fan of bad horror will get anything out of it .
and for the love of god please stop saying this film is a tale of innocence lost or even of female empowerment because it is quite clearly not ( childish fumbling lesbians , what the hell ? ) .
this was by far the worst film at the edinburgh festival ( that i saw anyway ) , someone even collapsed halfway through the film probably because they could n't take any more of it .
this may seem like an overly critical rant
but i genuinely can not find a redeeming feature of this film except for perhaps if you take it as pure comedy .
in short this film is best watched on a cocktail of class a drugs .
this is a movie about how men think women think about love .
no woman describes a one - night sexual encounter and declares it a love story .
of the ten monologues i felt only three really had any kind of truth ring through them .
i kept waiting for the film to get better , and it did a bit , but never better enough .
this is an interesting concept , and i kept wanting it to be good , but it never succeeded .
maybe if they actually were love stories it would have worked .
in the third entry of the phantasm series , mike and reggie continue chasing the tall man , assisted by a trigger - happy 9 year old , a black g.i. jane and the spirit of mike 's deceased brother ( he died in the original phantasm ) .
number 3 is a rather disappointing sequel , since the gore and black comedy is a lot less inspired and exciting as it was in phantasm ii .
i got the feeling the stress was merely laid on reggie 's incompetence as a lover and his talent as stand - up comedian .
the humor in the previous film was a lot more dry and oppressed , which fits a story like this better .
also , the settings are n't as macabre here , plus the constant presence of the tall man ( agnus schrim ) is n't as obvious  
there still is plenty of gore but not half as satisfying this time .
by the way , beware for the severely cut version as it shows most delightful killings off - screen .
the entire phantasm series is the lifetime achievement of don coscarelli , who wrote and directed 4 episodes so far  the fifth being in production .
the first one is a semi - cult classic , the second is a horror - feast of gore and violence and the rest can easily be skipped .
a. michael baldwin returns as mike , even though james legros portrayed his character a lot better in phantasm ii .
first off , the movie was not true to facts at all .
i just saw the documentary a few days earlier and the movie was n't anything like it .
first of all nash was a genius at mathematics and this is what the movie should have been about not a story about a man who was cured and who found love at the end and so on .
also there are a lot of scenes that were just plain wrong - the scene where he rode around with a bike at the campus happened in his early university years not after it .
in my opinion russell crowe did n't fit to this part at all since he does n't look the intelligent / individualist type , therefore he really could n't play one .
it would have been great if it would have focused more on the mathematics ( similar to pi ) and not the over - dramatized lovelife .
at this level abm was too hollywood - ish and too superficial to be great .
personally i think he was n't mad nor paranoid
and he was onto something since people of that caliber tend to know more than we " lesser mortals " .
a pretty obvious thriller - by - numbers , in which the only possible twist turns out to be a hiding to nothing .
i was watching principally for the english - language performance by isabelle huppert .
it was n't great , but then it was a strange role .
i would n't be surprised if half her contribution turned out to have been left on the cutting - room floor along with several last minute script re - writes .
the acting is the least appealing thing about this film .
steve guttenburg looks like he 's trying to flesh out his role with the charm that everyone 's told him he has .
there 's a sensationally stupid sequence in which it 's suggested that his sexual prowess will be able to help treat ptsd .
it 's an uninteresting performance .
elizabeth mcgovern is more of a draw with genuine charm and character
but it 's small consolation .
this film is the worst film , but it ranks very high for me .
it is how a slasher movie should be .
it takes place at a university in which there only seems to be a handful of students .
the teachers are dumber than a sack of hammers .
it is filled with good catholic priest , sexually repressed humor .
bad hair , bad clothes .
the dialogue is so cliched it is hard to believe that i was able to predict lines in quotes .
the slashings have some creativity and seem to revolve around stabbing people in the genitalia .
a lack of continuity in the soundtrack and characters that deserve to die because they are so bad , i recommend this film for a fun time .
get a case of cheap beer and some friends , watch it and laugh .
could this be by the same director as
do n't look now or
bad timing ?
poorlyacted , clunkily edited .
you only have to compare the various accident scenes in this with similar ones in
do n't look now to see how much roeg has lost histouch .
even the generally reliable teresa russell ( looking a bit chunky these days , i 'm afraid to report ) can not save this one .
the plot is pure pseudo - religious hokum , the acting is wooden and
roeg 's attempts at his trademark dislocation of time are pitiful .
avoid this one like the plague .
this movie is the worst movie i have ever seen ...
it is humorous how bad it is ..
the entire time i was watching it
i half expected music to start and
the doctor starts dancing ..
(i've seen porno 's with a better plot )
when the raptor was trying to get in the door
i think someone was throwing a plastic doll against the door from about 2 feet away .
but as i said it is so bad you need to watch it so that you can see
just how bad it is me explaining it is n't going to do anything compared to if you watch it
.. i do n't recommend renting it but if it comes on tv watch it for about 30min just to see what i mean .
i could n't watch more than 30min
but if you can sit through the whole thing then you have some good willpower
as i sat in front of the tv watching this movie , i thought , " oh , what alfred hitchcock , or even brian depalma , could have done with this ! "
chances are , you will too .
it does start out intrigueing .
a british park ranger living in los angeles ( collin firth ) marries a pretty , demure brunette woman ( lisa zane ) whom he met in a park only a short time ago .
then , one day she dissappears .
the police are unable to find any documentation that she ever existed , and firth conducts his own search .
so far , so good .
just as he 's about to give up , he turns to his womanizing best friend ( billy zane ) , and they stumble onto her former life in l.a. 's sordid underground of drugs , nightclubs , and ametuer filmmaking , and then to her history of mental instability .
at that point , firth 's life is in danger , and the film falls apart .
none of the characters from lisa zane 's past are remotely interesting .
the film moves slowly , and there 's very little action .
there is a subplot regarding missing drug money , but it 's just a throwaway .
no chases , no cliffhanging sequences , and no suspense .
just some dull beatings and a lot of chat by boring characters .
one thing worth noting , lisa zane and billy zane are brother and sister , but they never appear in a scene together .
by the end of the movie , you 're torn between wondering what might have been and trying to stay awake .
this movie was absolutely pathetic .
a pitiful screenplay and lack of any story just left me watching three losers drool over bikini babes .
at times i felt like i was watching an episode of beavis and butthead .
i could n't even sit through the whole movie .
emran hashmi disappoints , and hrshitta bhatt is not impressive at all .
celina jaitley was not bad .
the only worthwhile part of the film is the spoof on anu malik and his obsession of shayaris .
it was pretty hilarious .
the songs " sini ne " and its remix version were really good .
you can always count on emran lip - locking and lip - synching a chartbuster .
all in all , it seems emran does n't have a good script from the bhatts to back him up this time .
a large part of the scenes should be cut off .
there is a lot of scenes that should have been cut off .
for example the scene where the hunters mentions " i got spiders on my dick " , " i like dick " , playing in the mud scene , or a bar scene where a professional dinocroc hunters main job is a snake charmer .
how about other terribly incoherent scenes featuring a woman , diane who wants to loose her virginity to a boyfriend who walks like he wears women 's panties
three sizes too small .
while they make love , did n't they realized they are making it out next to the little boy who will soon run away and loose his head ?
why did they do in a living room ?
i mean his head really flipped .
how about the beach scene very reminiscent of steven spielberg 's jaws scene at grant lake .
all these strange scene could easily be re - dubbed and billed as a comedy .
here in my local town , the cineplex theaters had been advertising for months about dinocroc , and i am glad i did n't watch it because i later found out it was shown only for 1 or 2 days before it was canceled .
the movie was that bad .
i suspected that dinocroc was not a good movie looking at the preview .
it features the leg of dinocroc that looks like a child wearing green pajamas and slippers with claws and walks up and down like a 2 year old .
it could easily passed over as baby geniuses .
if any students of movie making wants to learn what not to do this is a real classic trash .
such as diane 's boyfriend who walks
like he had an advanced case of syphilis
makes you wonder what the poor woman sees in this guy who looks drunk even before he get to drink beer .
when this happens , who cares about dinocroc ?
the panties man looked more more interesting than the entire movie of dinocroc .
his acting was so bad , he makes a much better replacement for mr. bean .
move over
rowan atkinson
, here is a man with a better comedic talent in a horror sci - fi flick .
perhaps the worse casting in the history of hollywood .
hello boys and girls ...
this is n't your regular movie review , because this is going to be the cold .
hard .
truth .
are you serious ?
this movie sucked so many balls i could n't keep them out of my mouth !
they might as well have sprayed me in the eye with monkey semen .
you 'd need one seriously large douche to pump out all the vaginal fluid from this movie.the plot was very lacking .
the actors were terrible .
i rewound the dance number several times and had to pause it even more because i was choking on my own spit .
do boys
, everyone!peace r&h besties4lyf
this movie looked good - good cast , evergreen topic and an explosive opening .
it went downhill from there .
why was it filmed by hand held camera ?
it shakes , judders , part captures scenes and simply confuses the viewer .
a poor choice indeed .
as if this was not enough , the worst edit in memory assumes a drugged viewer - mandatory if you want to get any enjoyment from it at all .
and then it commits the worst sin of all .
after leading the viewer down all sorts of unlikely and implausible scenarios to the point of exhaustion , they roll credits without revealing the denouement - the ending -
the payoff -like
what the heck was the motive ?
how can you expect to succeed by making thrillers without an ending ?
this movie had great promise and ending up doing a face plant in the mud .
what a waste of effort .
poor effort by writer and director .
for the life of me i ca n't figure out why anyone would make a movie like this .
the plot is tired , the acting is strained , the language is consistently foul and at times the over use of the " f " word seemed like a lack of dialog was prevalent
so ' let 's throw in another couple of " f 's " for good measure , that 's what the american public wants to hear ' .
gossett was particularly foul and seemed to enjoy his part .
forget this c__p , rent ' shrek " and have a good laugh .
i remember so many awful films that loosely revolved around high school from the early 1980s .
they usually had someincredibly strained plot and lots of 27 year old actors pretending to be students .
as i watched this film i felt a little of the nostalgia of growing up in the 1980s .
however , then i find out that this film was made in 1989 ?
say what !
well , the nostalgia factor ends right there , this is just bad .
the plot has the city preparing to close a high school and threatening to bus all of the students to inner city high schools .
which is odd , in that the students at this school are both wealthy and abundant .
in fact , the main character lives in a mansion .
makes you wonder how they can not find money to keep this school alive , have they never heard of property taxes .
oh , but here is the kicker .
the school board says that they will keep the school alive , if the students can raise $ 200,000 .
so the seniors go about doing this .
hmmm , you raise $ 200,000 but instead of saving that for college , you put it towards saving the high school that you are a senior in ?
and why exactly would they close an overpopulated school before the year is out ?
and ...
ahh forget it , this film was stupid and made in 1989 ! ?
its unfortunate that someone decided to spin off on the best horror movies of all time in my book .
this poor copy steals lots of material from the first three films going as far as even copying how persons die and what will happen in the future to the key characters and it basically tries to cram in three films into one and fails .
it fails even to create a good scary atmosphere for one ( except with the odd exception where the impressive choral music brings back memories of the old films).the only thing we can be thankful for is that there has not been an omen v.
this is one of those films that 's more interesting to watch from an academic perspective than from an entertainment perspective .
i do my ratings based on how much i enjoyed or was entertained by the movie , so i 'm giving it a 4 .
if i were to rate it as an academic film , though , it would get a 10.it is shot in a very interesting manner , like a pseudo - silent film with elements of sound effect and reality .
it 's meant to convey disjointed memory and fragmentation of the mind , and it is interesting in these respects .
however , the film has a lot of disgusting elements to it that i did n't find all that entertaining .
they 're mainly just disturbing .
it has some very interesting imagery too , and some interesting concepts , but some of the character relationships ( especially between the mother and son ) are pretty disturbing .
in all , this film will either appeal to you or it wo n't .
for me , it was interesting from an academic perspective , but it was n't a good watch , and i 'll probably not go back to it a second time.4/10 if you 're looking for entertainment .
10/10 from an academic standpoint .
i 'm not going to waste my time writing an essay and waste your time .
i would like to say , however , that all those who are uptight about this movie even being made are being totally ridiculous .
johnnymacbest , you ca n't play that card , and i mean the nationalism patriotic card , to make people not watch this movie .
this is a movie that expresses its free will in this country ( oh yea i played that card)even though the director is german and deserves a slap on the wrist every time he reaches for a camera , but the world is full of controversy , and its the same thing you 've heard before , like the gta controversy .
it 's a comedy , laugh and be disgusted , not disgusted all together , its dark humor and obviously you do n't have the heart to take it , the past is past , yes people remember those who were lost but its time to move on , that was ! !
7 ! ! !
years ago .
you can still watch this movie and have good moral values .
besides i 'm insane , and who needs a soul ?
i watched it with my mom
and we were like ...
what the hell ?
we did n't get it at all .
i may have this wrong , but a chair had something to do with the death of this woman 's father .
that movie was terrible !
this is not a movie for those who love a good suspense movie .
bad suspense movie !
* shakes cane at movie
* i 'm never seeing it again .
and i 'm a big fan of lifetime movies , too !
they kinda need to quit trying to make movies outta books .
it 's driving me crazy!!!and
whit was butt - ugly and yet
, she loves him more than hugh , who was a tiny bit nicer - looking .
my rating : 1/10
a still famous but decadent actor ( morgan freeman ) has not filmed for four years .
when he is invited to participate in a new project , he asks the clumsy cousin of the director to drop him in a poor latin neighborhood in carlson to research the work of the manager of a small supermarket .
he sees the gorgeous spanish cashier scarlet ( paz vega ) and he becomes attracted with her ability .
his driver never returns to catch him and scarlet gives a ride to the actor .
but first she has a job interview for the position of secretary in a construction company and the actor helps her to be prepared ; then they spend the afternoon together having a pleasant time .
i am a big fan of morgan freeman and paz vega .
however , the pointless " 10 items or less " is absolutely disappointing .
this low - budget movie does not seem to have a storyline , and is supported by the chemistry and improvisations of morgan freeman and paz vega and actually nothing happens along 82 minutes .
the ambiguous open conclusion is simply ridiculous , with the character of morgan freeman returning to his silver spoon world and telling the simple worker that they would never see each other again .
was he afraid to have a love affair with her and destroy his perfect world with his family ?
or was a clash of classes , and he realizes that his fancy neighborhood would not be adequate to a simple worker from the lower classes ?
my vote is four .
title ( brazil ) : " um astro em minha vida " ( " a star in my life " )
i am guessing the reason this movie did so well at the box office is of course eddie murphy .
i think this was his first movie since " beverly hills cop
" so at the time he was hot .
considering that one made over two hundred million
and it was r and this one made about 80 million
and it was pg
does say it was not all that popular .
i have never been a big eddie murphy fan , so that is probably another reason i did n't care for it much at all .
this one has eddie as some sort of finder of lost kids .
he must find the golden child or the world is in terrible peril .
the plot is very bad , but as bad as it is it does not compare to the special effects .
i had seen better stuff done in the 70 's than some of the stuff this one offers , ray harryhausen did better stuff .
still the main reason you see a movie like this is because of eddie , unfortunately he is not very funny in this one at all
and it just seems stupid to put him in the " raiders of the lost ark " type scenes .
i guess they were hoping for a fish out of water effect , but to me it just did not work .
though i 'd heard that " cama de gato " was the worst brazilian movie of the decade , i watched it giving it a chance ; after all , first - time director / producer / writer alexandre stockler managed to make his debut feature ( shot in video ) for just us$ 4,000 and -- though it looks even cheaper -- i ca n't begin to imagine all he went through to finally get it exhibited in theaters with no big sponsors or production companies behind it
( then as i watched it i realized why ) .
but whatever chances you 're ready to give to " cama de gato " , they shrink to zero within 10 minutes : it 's an unbelievably preposterous , verbose , ideologically fanatical and technically catastrophic attempt to portray brazilian upper - middle class youth as a bunch of spoiled neo - nazis hooked on bad sex , drugs and violence ( and they 're made to look like closeted gays too ) , made with no visible trace of talent , imagination , expertise or notion of structure .
visually and aurally , it recalls the worst amateur stuff you can find on youtube -- only here it lasts ninety two ( count'em ) minutes of unrelenting hysteria and clumsiness , and it 's not even funny - bad .
we've all seen the story before : bored young guys want to have fun , go partying , take drugs and everything goes wrong -- there 's gang - rape , spanking , murder , the accidental death ( falling down the staircase ! ! )
of the mother of one of the boys , culminating with the boys deciding to burn the corpses of the girl and the mother in a garbage landfill .
moral and literal garbage , get it ?
the film is heavily influenced by larry clark ( especially " kids " and " bully " ) , but clark 's films -- though also moralist and sexploitative -- are high - class masterworks compared to this crap .
i do n't think there was ever such monomaniacal drive in a filmmaker to stick his ideas down the audience 's throat :
stockler grabs us by the collar and tries to force his non - stop moralist rant into our brains by repetition and exhaustion -- you do get numb - minded with so much babbling , yelling , inept direction , shaky camera and terrible acting going on .
stockler does n't care a bit about technique ( the quality of the images , framing , sound recording , soundtrack songs , dialog , sets , editing , etc is uniformly appalling ) , but he 's a narcissistic control - freak : he anticipates the criticisms he 's bound to get by adding subtitles with smartie / cutie comments , and by making the protagonists comment at one point how far - fetched and phony
it all is ( i could relate to that ) .
despite his megalomaniac ambitions , stockler seems incapable of giving us a minimum of visual or narrative structure -- he ca n't even decide if he wants gritty realism
( hand - held video camera etc ) or stylization ( repetition of scenes , use of alternate takes , etc ) .
damn , he ca n't even decide where to put his camera ( there 's use of subjective camera for the three leads ) !
the dialog features some of the most stupefyingly banal verbosity ever ; the plot exists simply to justify the director 's profound hatred for his characters and what they stand for .
all you see is a filmmaker being hateful , preachy , condemning , moralizing without the benefit of a minimum of talent ( or technique ) to go with it .
it 's very disappointing to find caio blat in this mess .
certainly one of the most promising young film actors in brazil , with his sleepy - eyed puppy dog looks and emotional edge that often recall sal mineo 's , blat can be highly effective under good direction ( as in " carandiru " , " lavoura arcaica " , " proibido proibir " ) .
here , he 's told to go over the top
and he has to play with some of the most embarrassingly under - equipped " actors " in recent memory .
he also enters the risky realm of graphic sexploitation scenes ( so goddawful they look rather like web - cam porn).the film opens and ends with real interviews with " typical " ( ? )
middle - class youth
-- stockler wants us to take those interviews as " proof " of what he 's trying to preach in fiction .
but he blatantly despises and makes fun of his interviewees , selecting a highlight of abject , racist , sexist , stupid statements ( which only shows assholes exist everywhere ) .
stockler wants to prove that brazilian middle - class youths are all present or future fascists because they 're middle - class and enjoy recreational drugs ( is he saying all neo - fascists are on drugs ? ?
or that drugs potentialize fascist behavior ? ?
i could n't tell ) .
with its dogmatic self - righteousness , headache - inducing technique and mind - bending boredom , " cama de gato " is bad for a 1,000 reasons
but , above all , it 's harmful in a very insidious manner : it gives detractors of brazilian cinema a powerful case of argument . "
cama de gato " is best unwatched , unmentioned , buried and forgotten .
this picture started out with good intentions , bacon the scientist out to test the theory of invisibility , and shue is cute as usual in her role .
it all falls apart after that , it 's your typical hollywood thriller now , filmed on a soundstage with special effects galore , minus any kind of humour , wit or soul .
in other words , do n't waste your time watching this .
get the audiocassette tape with john delancie as the invisible man instead , also starring leonard nimoy .
now that was good , and hg wells is well served , unlike with this mess .
i 'm sure this was one of those " woah ! "
attractions in 1982 when epcot opened , but now it 's just silly .
the film 's message is cliché .
the circle - vision is disorienting .
and that awful song at the end is grating .
and i really wish they 'd install seats .
after so much walking , all you want to do is sit down for a few minutes .
and when you hear there 's a film to see it sounds pretty glamorous !
you get entertained while sitting down , right ?
wrong !
you 're standing there for 18 + minutes leaning against a short little railing .
disney should make a newer maelstrom like attraction to liven things up and replace this dull , lackluster film .
not fun .
skip it .
in fact , skip canada altogether unless you 're eating there .
move directly to the united kingdom .
turkish cinema has a big problem .
directors are n't interested in global cinema .
they are local and folkloric , but want to be international .
this brings kitsch results such this movie .
film has jokes translated to spanish from turkish and they do n't have any meaning for non - turkish audiences .
even for turkish audiences after 10 years .
players , even ferhan sensoy have a worse acting than average .
they act like puppets .
movie was shot in cuba , but nothing includes about cuba .
so cuba is thought like a banana republic .
waste of money , waste of time .
i do n't get this .
the movie obviously has a pretty good budget .
it has very good cinematography .
it has nice pacing , good editing and pretty good
directing too .
then why oh why did n't they hire someone to do a final rewrite of the script so it would not be so damn cheesy and
why oh why did they hire such lousy actors that ca n't act their way out of a paper bag ?
this movie could have been good .
at most times it looks good and feels good
but in the end , you realize that the movie was no good at all .
so i would say it 's a good production but a bad movie .
too bad actually .
and eels ?
come one , really !
if you like movies about creepy towns , hotels , houses , states ( ala the eagles " hotel california " ) , etc .
that possess the people that are " just passing through , " read almost any stephen king novel instead .
if you like the setting of " disappearance " start by reading king 's " desperation " but also check out " the shining " , " salem 's lot " and " needful things .
crow motif , the desert , the family driving in desperation to escape or avoid possession are tired .
why did n't they just make the film from the " desperation " novel ?
maybe they approached king and he nixed ?
must be .
susan dey and harry hamlin look happy to be reunited and they have both worn well over the years , but they 're still tv and direct - to - dvd caliber actors .
a disappointing end to a season that started so well ...
exodus part 2 and other notable episodes were amongst the best seen on tv in any series , where as this was rather bad .
well i am not sure if it was the episode
that was a disappointment , but the cheesy guitar music at that accompanied
the closing sequence was laughable and would have been more at home in the original series .
its almost as if the corporate execs did n't like the low key down note ending and wanted to jazz it up .
they failed and rather spoilt everything .
lets hope this is not a trend for the future .
still at least we saw the return of a certain person even if somewhat bizarrely and tritely done .
sorry fulci fans , but i could not get through this one .
the soundtrack was about as annoying as they come , the acting was puerile , the story has been done and done , and the direction was non - existent .
massacre honestly looked like a children 's film project .
but i 've seen some of those , and they actually look better than this did !
it appears to have been so underfunded they could n't afford ... anything !
not a dop , not a director , no one who even remotely had a clue what acting was .
it was a very poor cinematic experience ; one of my worst .
this was about the worst suck - fest i 've seen , next to terror toons which is second only to killer klowns from outer space .
i 've nothing else to say about it .
it rates a 0.1/10 from ... the fiend : .
" back of beyond " takes place at a dive diner / gas station in the middle of the australian desert run by tom mcgregor ( paul mercurio ) , a shy guy who suddenly finds himself in a spot of trouble when some visitors unexpectedly arrive .
we get what , at first , confusingly seems like a flashback in which he and his sister ( though their relationship to each other is better understood later in the film ) are speeding through the desert on his motorcycle .
afterwards , he appears as a terribly quiet , and sometimes , moody character in the presence of the arrivals .
we know one thing is for sure and that is mcgregor 's sort of spiritual sense , his foresight of danger and such -- his clairvoyance only slightly relevant to the story , the bulk of which concerns three diamond thieves who 's car breaks down and who rely on tom to help them out of spot without getting in their way .
of course , tom falls for one of the thieves , a young woman named charlie , and suddenly , it pits all three already mistrusting allies against each other .
but not in a way that really results in anything of much mystery or action .
in fact , the whole movie all the while seems to want to build up to something significant , but really fails to do so .
even the ending , of which plays out like a trite campfire tale ( and one that really reveals a lot of narrative flaws ) , is almost just as ridiculous .
it may be worth trying if you do n't mind the terribly slow pacing , but are in the mood , at least , for something a little different than the usual .
quite unimpressive .
the ' twists ' are all pretty predictable , if you 've seen any movies within the last ten years , and the few somewhat interesting parts ( wherein someone utilizes context clues to make a decision ) are few and lack much punch , since the ' secret ' has already been shown before these clues are explained.(spoilers , sorta)the acting is decent enough .
the story simply is n't very interesting .
the whole ' still awake ' premise becomes nullified by the astral projection stuff(not kidding ) .
the surgery scene is initially tense , a bit discomforting , but then becomes utterly banal .
not horrible , but not memorable .
terrence howard 's least interesting role to date , so far as i 've seen .
kind of boring , overall .
i saw this movie a long time ago ... luckily it was for free .
i have to be one of the maybe twenty people who saw this movie in the theater .
i do n't remember a whole bunch of it , but i do remember i was incredibly bored , the plot made no sense and when i came out of the theater the only thing i could say was at least now
i know what the worst movie i ever saw was .
i just was incredibly bothered by one thing : if they can make the temperature as they approach the sun low enough for humans to survive , why ca n't they turn it down to a comfortable temperature instead of being all hot and sweaty ?
how stupid do they think we are ?
i really must have caught a different film from the rest of the commentators on this site because at a screening of the film last night the audience was so mortified by the dialoge that ( i 'm not even kidding)half walked out .
shot as if the filmmaker thought he were approaching some daring new territory by presenting a homosexual coming - of - age story , the film utilizes david lynch
inspired visuals with fassbinder inspired acting .
the performances in this film are so dull and bored that i figured one of the actors was going to pass out by how uninspired they seemed to be by the script .
what 's worse is that it 's colored like an episode of miami vice .
i do n't know who this director thinks he is ; maybe he has pretensions of the surreal like bunuel , jordowsky , etc .
but the problem is that all of the afore mentioned directors display a level of erudite sensibility that is sorely lacking here .
i could understand the meaningfulness of this film about ten years ago , but when we 've got masterpieces such as bad eduction , mysterious skin and show
me love why bother with this cinematic turd ?
there is nothing new to be seen here .
yes , people are racist .
people are even racist in college .
that 's a good point , and the issue of racism has been dealt with many times before in countless films .
what sets higher learning apart from the pack is that it deals with the issue of racism in the most ham - fisted and predictable way possible ,
oh yeah
it 's in college too .
this film deals with this problem of racism the way frankenstein deals with most problems
, it bashes you over the head repeatedly in a brutal and sluggish manner .
most of the characters are cartoonish , one - dimensional , caricatures ( lesbian feminist , angry black man ) , that react to situations as dramatically and predictably as possible .
instead of defying stereotypes this film is overpopulated with them .
the angry black men feel cheated , feminists hate men , etc .
( one feminist even holds a sign that reads " dead men do n't rape .
" see what i mean ? )
i do n't want to give anything away , but in this movie if someone seems like a shifty loner or a date rapist they 'll probably behave exactly how you expect them to .
the changes the characters go through seems obvious to everyone but the people in the movie .
the big twist in the plot hinges on whether or not the violent neo - nazis will act like violent neo - nazis .
i 'll guess you 'll just have to watch to find out what happens .
another problem i have with this movie is that it 's supposed to be " gritty " and " hard - hitting , " but they make nazis the bad guys .
i agree nazis are evil , but that 's my point .
everybody thinks nazis are bad ; we 're not breaking any new ground here .
nazis have been portrayed as villains since the 1930 's .
the film does n't challenge any viewpoints or make bold statements .
it just deals with issues we all know about in a clumsy , after - school - special like , manner .
being anti - rape , anti - racist , and anti - nazi is n't exactly taking a hard stance on a controversial issue .
higher learning is predictable , cartoonish , and in a word stupid .
avoid at all costs .
i 'd heard about this movie a while ago from a friend
and she recently got it on dvd .
there was a lot of anticipation and excitement as we 'd both heard that this was a terrifying film , really scary .
how disappointed was i ? ?
very ! ! ! !
apart from that one scene ( we all know which bit )
nothing happened ! ! !
i was expecting to see the woman in black a few times and for her to do a few more jumpy scenes , like appear at the window or walk across the hall or something .
nearly all the reviews here say what a scary , gripping , atmospheric movie this is .
i just did n't see it
i 'm afraid .
maybe there 's a difference in what people find scary in the us to here in britain .
a big let down after all the hyped reviews :(
before i start ... let me say that i fully believe in god .
i believe in heaven and in hell .
kay now that that s out of the way , i just wanna say that what in the world do these morons that call themselves " hosts " think they are doing ? ?
the last time i checked a host does n't discriminate , spew hatred filled rants on tv , or try to shove their own beliefs down every unfortunate soul that ventures onto the channel .
all of these that crazy , idiotic , conservitive , bible thumping ,
fred phelps lover pat robertson does daily .
i am all for free speech , but since when does that cover a guy who pretty much says that if you venture off his ideal way of life you are right away sent to hell ?
this is just a perfect example of why religion is the cause of soooo many problems .
one day in my class room we had a substitute teacher in
so we decided to watch some tv since the teach did n't give us any work .
and we ( against many of us 's will ) watched 700 's club , and of course that jerk pat was on ranting and raving about the bible , and he said simon along the lines of " god says homosexuality is a sin " and i actually heard a kid go
" hmm i guess he 's right .
wtf ? ? ?
seriously , if the host is trying to make people think that someone else 's sexual orientation is a huge sin , then they seriously need to take that host , duct tape them , and throw them off of a cruise liner in the middle of the arctic .
when they killed off john amos 's character they killed the show .
he was the vital part of the info structure .
you had a story of an inner city family 's struggling to make it the best way they knew how .
they were poor , they were black , and they were living proof that if you have jesus and your family that nothing is too hard .
sure james would lose jobs and jj would fail in school but the family always managed to find a way .
james was the strong male role model that earned the income and disciplined the children .
florida was the strong lady that would everyone including james when he needed a shoulder to cry on or hug to make it .
the kids had personalities and input which made them important as a family unit .
their neighbor willona was also a key element because she represented not only a friend but some dear enough to be family .
things were bright , gritty , funny , and honest until they changed the course of the program .
james dies and jj took over the show .
flo was still mom , thelma was blossoming into a lady and michael was still the militant midget
but jj was the show .
we were expected to believe that the family with no father or prominent bread winner was going to be able to stay in the apartment .
i guess james 's paycheck did n't do much for the family .
they were only threatened with eviction because they said they were moving and not because no one in the house was working .
i know that jj , flo , thelma and even michael eventually got jobs but come on here
be for real .
james worked so much that you could feel for him but the others were n't realistic at all and that 's a shame .
jj was the comic relief but i felt the show need substance .
it 's ok to be funny
but they had a chance to show a real family and what it took to survive in the real world
and they threw it all away on a few laughs .
michael 's character almost disappeared while the rest of the cast slipped into the shadows of the jj evan 's show .
i mean really , here was a guy that was failing in school , he kept getting laid off , and he painted for money in about two episodes .
james had always been there to encourage his talent but flo and the rest of the family did n't seem to care .
why did it take him so long to understand that painting was what he was meant to do ?
he could have sold painting 's on the street or worked for people that print billboards and cards .
( he did but something went wrong with that . )
why did he not make it and why did the others give up on their dreams ?
i 'll tell you why , it was because they did n't have a father in their life to care and to cheer them on and their mother stopped being their to support their dreams .
the show stopped teaching us about growing , building and learning and started teaching us about gimmicks and catch phrases .
they should have kept james .
if any show needed a father it was that one .
dewaana as a film goes through the usual clichés .
man and woman fall in love and marry , husband is supposedly killed by a family friend who wants their family fortune , woman remarries and surprise surprise husband no.1 reappears .
the movie is reminiscent of yash chopra 's chandni and countless others .
divya bharti and shah rukh khan give good performances .
amrish puri as a villain goes through the motions and is nothing more than a standard bollywood villain the music by nadeem shravan is superb , all the songs were brilliant .
my favourites are sochenge tumhe pyar or koyi na koyi chahiyye .
dewanna is an ordinary movie that goes through the motions .
honestly , who in god 's name gave this movie an 8.1 rating ? ?
i guess the people who actually made or starred in the movie were the ones who voted .
otherwise this movie sucks !
this movie is nothing more than an amateur , or possibly student , film .
i 'm a movie fanatic , and have seen terrible movies , but there was literally nothing redeeming here .
the story and acting was the worst i 've ever seen .
the props , including the use of toy airsoft guns with terrible special effects , where just as bad as everything else .
i 'm all for bad language in movies , but the f - bomb was dropped about every third word
and i think we might have a winner for the most use of the f - bomb in any movie ever .
the movie also appears to have been filmed using cheap video cameras and not actual film .
i 'd expect this to get awards for an amateur movie shown only on public access stations around the country , but it does n't belong on a dvd.do not buy this movie .
do not rent this movie .
all i can say was that this was a terrible waste of a free movie rental coupon .
this is valuable time that you will never get back .
unfortunately for me , that time is lost , but it 's not too late for you .
if you decide to rent this movie , consider this my warning .
there is not a speck of entertainment in this entire film .
there 's not one scary , funny , or even interesting scene in this film .
it advertises itself as a horror , then goes on to call itself a comedy .
it does n't even attempt humor .
neither does it attempt to be scary .
in order to not be bored by this film , you would have to be one of the most easily entertained people on earth .
if you like this movie even a little bit than you have no standard for what you watch at all .
i 'm having a very difficult time trying to understand what the filmmakers were trying to accomplish with this .
its not funny , scary , shocking , or intriguing .
so was it supposed to be a drama ?
because it really was n't dramatic either .
please just do yourself a favor and do n't watch this film .
life is too precious to be wasting 90 minutes of it watching this .
yes , this film gets a lot of attention and is considered a classic in the adult film genre .
still , i did not like this one at all .
about a woman who commits suicide in a scene more fitting a horror movie , she is given the opportunity to return to earth briefly to live the life of lust she never did before in her mundane life .
crappy sex scenes to follow .
why are they crappy , for one they try so hard to be artistic that they take away from the actual sex act .
i mean we watch porn for the sex
do we not .
little girls blue also does things in an artistic way , but it is still very erotic and nice to look at .
of course the girls in that one are very cute .
here we have a rather unattractive lead actress and that does not help things .
if you find the lead in your adult film unappealing there is no amount of artistic vision that is going to make me enjoy the film .
the sex scenes range from yuck to bizarre ...
i mean there is a snake in one of them people .
so for me this movie just fails as it does not excite me at all , but rather turns me off .
well ... tremors i , the original started off in 1990 and i found the movie quite enjoyable to watch .
however , they proceeded to make tremors ii and iii .
trust me , those movies started going downhill right after they finished the first one , i mean , ass blasters ? ? ?
now , only god himself is capable of answering the question "
why in gods name would they create another one of these dumpster dives of a movie ?
tremors iv can not be considered a bad movie , in fact it can not be even considered an epitome of a bad movie , for it lives up to more than that .
as i attempted to sit though it , i noticed that my eyes started to bleed , and i hoped profusely that the little girl from the ring would crawl through the tv and kill me .
did they really think that dressing the people who had stared in the other movies up as though they we 're from the wild west would make the movie ( with the exact same occurrences ) any better ?
honestly , i would never suggest buying this movie , i mean , there are cheaper ways to find things that burn well .
a very good story for a film which if done properly would be quite interesting , but where the hell is the ending to this film?in fact , what is the point of it?the scenes zip through so quick that you felt you were not part of the film emotionally , and the feeling of being detached from understanding the storyline .
the performances of the cast are questionable , if not believable .
did i miss the conclusion somewhere in the film ?
i guess we have to wait for the sequel .
this movie feels so empty .
in every scene in the movie the maximum number of actors on the screen is like 10 .
because everything was shot in front of a blue screen there are never really any extras and the movie just feels weird .
the acting was horrible !
it 's so obvious this was in front of a blue screen because all of the action scenes you can see the actor / actress wondering around half running when they should be running for their lives ..
looking at the floor for their marks ...
spoilers
: also you 'll find yourself banging your head watching the movie .
at one point at sky captain 's home base they have like 100 planes sitting on the airstrip .
they have advanced warning an attack is coming ...
so what do they do ?
nothing .
all of the planes get blown up and yet again the only person fighting back is the sky captain ...
the entire world is under attack and he 's the only person ever fighting back .
at the very end of the movie you see hundreds of plains taking off finally ...
but what do they do ?
nothing ... the movie is over ...
oh my god this was so bad !
the story was weak - at best - and the animation was flat and lifeless - even childish .
this film takes itself far too seriously ... unless of course they meant to be funny .
i saw this last week at the london sci - fi festival and the entire audience was laughing at every scene .
i think my favourite was ' should n't you be studying medicine at oopsalof ' !
and i also think they were trying to see how many times they could cram in the character
nicalo 's only line '
we will be together ...
it is our destiny . '
i 'm sorry
but after the first time , the words lost all meaning .
and what was with the apple?i
recommend this as a lesson to americans : you can not animate , so please do n't try .
you only embarrass yourselves .
neat premise .
very unrealistic .
what i learned from this movie is that speeding crazily out of control to go to the weekend cabin may not be the best idea after all .
i loved how bill conveniently rolls out of the car and down the hill with no injury at all !
unfortunately , the same ca n't be said for his gal .
oh , and the police never seemed to find the car or trace the owner of the wreck .
lots of dragged out scenes including a plain stripper ( still have nightmares from that scene ) .
poor assistant guy and his crummy useless hand .
i admit i was intrigued to see what the mysterious " thing " was behind the door , but when it appeared , i just laughed .
ha ha ha ! !
the girl really seemed sadistically angry about being revived .
personally , i really would want a new body after an excruciating experience like that !
standard " paint - by - numbers " monster fare , filled with a bunch of routine plot devices from big - creature movies .
it 's like somebody had a deck of cards with plot ideas from other movies written on them , which were shuffled , and dealt .
whatever plot lines and characters came up in the deal were then tossed into the script .
characters are so cliché - ridden , that you can play a game of " guess who ends up as a monster meal " after less than ten minutes into the movie , and probably get every single one right -- including the order that they will get devoured .
many of the characters are so obnoxious , that you root for the creature to shut them up .
some of the main characters include : a billy idol clone who surfs with sharks , a loudmouth brat who flashes bankrolls , a capt .
ahab guy with a vendetta , and ahab 's girlfriend who does sleazy dances at a bar .
oh , and a big , big beast in need of anger management therapy .
along the way , people argue a lot , pretty girls run around with wet t - shirts , couples make out on exotic beaches , explosions occur , ruins of a shrine appear , and greasy - faced pirates drop by .
amusing , for the most part , but one thing bothered me : the callousness by characters when other people were killed .
after one violent demise , they make one - liner jokes .
i could almost hear rim shots .
overall , ok , if you have 90 minutes to waste , and you want to laugh at a so - bad - it's - good - movie .
otherwise , you may want to skip this one .
to be honest , i 'm surprised by the positive votes that this film has received .
the movie just drags along its 81 minute life span , and the audience has to suffer the whole way through .
actually there are some positive moments in this film ; charlie spradling gives a decent performance .
she is given some pretty pathetic dialogue and she handles it pretty well .
scott valentine(merrideth 's boyfriend in family ties ) , on the other hand , is a pretty rough watch .
i guess the highlight of his performance is witnessing the guy laying on the beach wearing tiger - patterned chummies .... give me a break .
also , valentine gives us a boorish and pathetic portrayal of a suffering vampire who misses the day(to see a much more convincing rendition of the suffering vampire see denice duff in " bloodstorm
: subspecies 4 " ) .
the movie moves so slow and is only positively punctuated by , and to be honest , charlie spradling 's dance scenes .
this movie can honestly only be recommended to the die hard fans of charlie spradling ( which i am , and i still had a rough time watching it ! ) .
i wondered why john wood was not playing dr. falken until i watched the film .
bad plot , bad science , bad acting and overall a bad film .
please do n't watch this film .
rent the original " war games " if you are feeling nostalgic .
i did n't like the bending of the plot to beat - the - terrorist - threat idea either .
in the first film w.o.p.r was built because russia had 1000s of warheads pointed at the u.s.a.
in this film the idea behind the computer was to kill terrorist in training before they are a threat .
politics aside , one of the good thing about the first film was the highlighting that even a stupid computer could grasp the idea of the pointlessness of war in the end .
no such insight is offered in this film .
my main comment on this movie is how zwick was able to get credible actors to work on this movie ?
impressive cast  even for the supporting characters
, none of which helps this movie really .
i have to admit though
, tom hank 's cameo almost made it worth it
what was that about tom ?
did you lose a bet ?
the best cameo of the movie was joe isuzu though - by far a classic !
the premise is good .
basinger 's character , struggling with existence as a pink lady , is making her way toward vegas motel by motel pitching the glorious pyramid of cosmetic sales .
this happens as corbett 's character is on his way to vegas to deliver an elvis suit to his soon to be ex - wife motivated by 
.what else  .extortion .
as they both make their way , they have numerous run - ins with elvis impersonators who on their way to an elvis impersonating convention in vegas .
soon , the fbi gets involved and begins to track what they think is an elvis impersonator serial killer .
unfortunately , premise does n't mean the movie was good .
when watching this movie , imagine you are back in the first grade 
when story lines and continuity are n't really important .
it is much more enjoyable to just watch basinger look beautiful in her pink lady outfit rather than wondering why what she is doing does n't really make sense .
the movie tries hard , but ultimately falls way way way short .
ultimately , it is filled with ideas that could have theoretically been funny but in practice were not that funny .
it is n't the worst , but you may find you yourself feel like leaving the building when watching this one  
do n't say i did n't warn you !
god , i was bored out of my head as i watched this pilot .
i had been expecting a lot from it , as i 'm a huge fan of james cameron ( and not just since " titanic " , i might add ) , and his name in the credits i thought would be a guarantee of quality ( then again , he also wrote the leaden strange days .. ) .
but the thing failed miserably at grabbing my attention at any point of its almost two hours of duration .
in all that time , it barely went beyond its two line synopsis , and i would be very hard pressed to try to figure out any kind of coherent plot out of all the mess of strands that went nowhere .
on top of that , i do n't think the acrobatics outdid even those of any regular " a - team " episode .
as for alba , yes , she is gorgeous , of course , but the fact that she only displays one single facial expression the entire movie ( pouty and surly ) , makes me also get bored of her " gal wit an attitude " schtick pretty soon .
you can count me out of this one , mr. cameron !
this movie was awful and an insult to the viewer .
stupid script , bad casting , endless boredom .
in the usual tradition of hollywood , the government of the us is shown as always evil .
the communist - sympathizer nitwits in hollywood , most of whom are as dumb as a box of rocks , love taking the lone nutcase eugene mccarthy and picturing him as the leader of a vast movement .
the truth is that at the time he was considered a fringe character who was exploiting a legitimate concern about the soviet communists for political gain .
oh yeah ,
and the us brought over all those evil nazis .
like werner vonbraun , without whom we would have no space program .
he actually loved being american and became a great asset to the country .
and yet the irony is that the fools in hollywood , an uneducated lot who live a fantasy existence , still believe that the government should run everything and give us all what we want .
and yet , this is the same government that they continually portray as a consummate evil in films like this .
this is very much a television version of the tale , the film starts out like an episode of ' xena ... ' , with little meaningful dialog or character description .
it does get a bit more substantive after a while , but all characters are still cartoonish .
salma is the exotic beauty .
richard harris is an evil and sexually repressed frollo , fiending to bust a nut up in salma .
the other characters , including quasimodo are quite forgettable .
its also a sorta liberal version of the story , frollo is a suppressor of enlightenment ideals , like the abbot in ' name of the rose ' , and quasimodo is a champion of liberty .
the shadowy side of the quas character is ignored , though he does pour liquid led on people .
he is really only an outsider in that he looks different and enjoys playing with bells more than the average person .
perhaps the film is intended for children , but i doubt it , considering frollo flogs himself bloody to amend wanting to spank his monkey .
a mostly uninteresting and forgettable , but not awful , and sometimes entertaining , rendition of the tale .
witchy hildegard knef traps a group of people in an isolated hotel and picks them off one by one in twisted , disgusting ways .
i thought i 'd seen it all until one unfortunate man here is crucified and then has his head set on fire .
hildy is quite the prankster too : she takes a nagging harpy and sews her mouth shut ... then hangs her upside down in the chimney just in time for a roaring fire ! "
witchery " made me sick .
it made my eyes hurt .
i was ready to write it off as the worst movie ever - ever - ever made by otherwise competent people ... until the finale .
i have to admit i loved the ending .
it involves a boy and his toy tape - recorder cornered by linda blair looking fantastically possessed .
the scene only lasts for about a minute and the movie 's over , but you know that old saying : " if you 've got a great ending , people will forgive you for just about anything ! "
i 'd passed this title 15 or 20 times while in blockbuster , looking for something halfway decent to watch .
all i can say is that they were all out halfway decent films the night i chose to rent this .
i will give it credit for being leaps and bounds better than " dracula 3000 " , but in actuality that 's pretty easy to say since this one
didn't have caper van dien in it .
the other things it lacked in spades were : an interesting cast , interesting story , good dialog and originality , but i suppose you ca n't have everything.***spoilers
the misfit crew of vampire hunters ( one of which was a vampire ... go figure ) flew around from mining colony to mining colony trying to wipe out all the vampires it could find .
the crew consists of : the cocky , ne'er - do - well captain ( who dies early on ) , his by - the - book , yet inexperienced first mate , the aforementioned vampire vampire hunter ( not a typo ) , a wannabe cowboy and a really , really butch asian commando , " tough guy " female ...
it almost sounds like the cast for mtv 's ' the real world ' .
after the captain dies in a violent confrontation with a mob of bloodsuckers ( and as it turns out , lovers of the finer parts of human anatomy ) his first mate takes over ...
blah , blah , blah ...
everyone hates him ...
blah , blah , blah ...
i could go on , but as i said it 's the same storyline used in about a hundred other ' films ' of the genre .
the effects were cheese and why michael ironside was in this movie is beyond me .
the vampire vampire hunter ( still not a typo ) was pretty hot , but of course if you 're waiting for her to expose more than just her cleavage , look elsewhere .
i ca n't say that it was the worst film i 've seen , as i actually rented ' starship troopers 2 ' , but wait for this one to come on the sci - fi channel .
with a movie called " gayniggers from outer space " how could you go wrong ?
just throw in some over the top stereotypes for the characters , use the village people as the main suppliers for the soundtrack , and throw in tons of gay - gags .
plot is unimportant .
too bad , this film does n't contain any of this and every joke misses the spot .
the characters all look alike apart from the german gaynigger , one or two jokes work , the rest fails .
the title made me laugh and i was prepared to laugh even more about the film .
my expectation were to high apparently .
for domestic audiences i can see how they would applaud this movie .
for outsiders , with no vested interests , it did not make much sense .
the germans were portrayed as incompetents and the russians as heroes .
the supposedly romantic angle was superfluous and a distraction .
how a young woman could ' love ' the lieutenant from just glimpsing him was nonsense .
how she could , as mentioned at the end of the movie , never marry just because of this infatuation was beyond me .
i mentioned the germans were portrayed as idiots and that was exemplified in the chase into the marsh .
several hundred german troops advanced , pushing the russians into the marsh .
so the russians hid and the germans stopped at the edge of the marsh and just stood there listening .
i suppose they did not want to get their boots wet , but i am sure an officer would have ordered 20 or 30 men into the water to search the marsh .
but that would have ended the story .
also , the germans entered the barn where the russians were hiding in the loft and did not bother to fire into the roof .
at the worst some soldier would have tossed a grenade into the loft and not climbed a ladder to peer in .
i did see some reviewers who said they cried at the end .
i wonder why ?
you knew this small band would perish and they was nothing heart - tugging in that .
i saw this movie with low expectations and was not disappointed .
its so bad that it is actually funny in a very cringe worthy way .
gael is absolutely terrible , i mean he just can not act , period .
he should give up now , as acting is clearly not his thing ..
his co - stars are about the same caliber , i 'm sure my 5 year old cousin could do a better job than all of them !
the director should be ashamed to have put his name on something so ridiculous ..
somehow i do n't think an oscar is on the cards for this guy .
i have never written a comment on imdb , but this movie was so bad i felt compelled to do so .
if you get the chance to see this film , do n't 0/10 if there was a 0
just do n't bother .
i thought i would see a movie with great supspense and action .
but it grows boring and terribly predictable after the interesting start .
in the middle of the film you have a little social drama and all tension is lost because it slows down the speed .
towards the end
the it gets better but not really great .
i think the director took this movie just too serious .
in such a kind of a movie even if u do n't care about the plot at least you want some nice action .
i nearly dozed off in the middle / main part of it .
rating 3/10.derboiler .
" dahmer " is an interesting film although i would n't use " horror " or " thriller " do describe it .
it 's more a minor character study that seems oddly sympathetic of the killer .
jeremy renner portrays serial killer jeffrey dahmer , who drugged , murdered and dismembered his male victims .
the film centers on the relationship between dahmer and " rodney " , well - played by artel kayàru .
rodney is almost the more interesting character : enamored of dahmer and having once escaped an attack , he returns to dahmer for sex and survives a second attack .
i think the film is disjointed because it does little to portray dahmer 's formative years , how events may have created the human monster we see on screen and offers no insight into dahmer 's belief that he could create sexual zombies of his victims .
the roles are well played but the story is thin .
remakes ( and sequels ) have been a staple of cinema from the beginning of the media .
it is pretty much a hit or miss venture though .
if you take what 's good of the original and build upon it and update key features too current standards , you can have a success .
note , such films like the thief of bagdad ( 1924/1940 ) or king kong ( 1933/2005 ) succeeded in their attempts .
others like king kong ( 1976 ) fail , miserably .
brief encounter ( 1945 ) is the template for this film .
it is as perfect as could be made on such a subject and we rate it imdb**********ten .
the story is simple , love , innocently found by accident and tragically lost .
why , it just happened for the two ( 2 ) principals involved at the wrong time .
these are portrayed in a convincing and sensitive manner by trevor howard and cecilia johnson .
neither are conventionally leading star material , but quality character actors .
for the details watch the film .
now what went wrong ?
a t.v. movie , remade practically scene for scene with name actors richard burton and sophia loren should have at least scored imdb******six .
both actors though appear disinterested , just showing up to punch their time - clocks and pick up their checks .
neither are involved with their characters or with each other .
you do not believe they are in love or when they finally separate it is any great loss to either of them .
that should not be and that 's why it fails in its intent .
sometimes it is just better to leave things alone .
only children below the age of 12 should be allowed to see this film .
the rest of us should take a book , mp3 player , or just take a nice nap to endure the experience of this event .
this can be best summed up as a " blown - up " tv movie being distributed into theaters .
children will want to see this film , and they will like and be amused by the movie .
in all of low budget history .
this movie has to be one of the worst .
true ther are some humorous sides to the movie , but in general it was just plain awful .
i just ca n't understand what person could not out run a bunch of slugs .
i mean they have to be one of the slowest creatures on the planet .
the only part worth while in this movie is the close up of a slugs attempt to bite the finger of a man .
this was rather amusing .
although i am generally a proponent of the well - made film , i do not limit myself to films which escape those boundaries , and more often than not i do enjoy and admire films that successfully " break the rules . "
and it is quite true that director pasolini breaks the rules of established cinema .
but it is also my opinion that he does not break them successfully or to any actual point .
pasolini 's work is visually jarring , but this is less a matter of what is actually on the screen than how it is filmed , and the jumpiness of his films seem less a matter of artistic choice than the result of amateur cinematography .
this is true of decameron .
pasolini often preferred to use non - actors , and while many directors have done so with remarkable result , under pasolini 's direction his non - actors tend to remain non - actors .
this is also true of decameron .
pasolini quite often includes images designed to shock , offend , or otherwise disconcert the audience .
such elements can often be used with startling effect , but in pasolini 's hands such elements seldom seem to actually contribute anything to the film .
this is also true of decameron.i have been given to understand there are many people who like , even admire pasolini 's films .
even so , i have never actually met any of them , and i have never been able to read anything about pasolini or his works that made the reason for such liking or admiration comprehensible to me .
judging him from his works alone , i am of the opinion that he was essentially an amateurish director who did not " break the rules " so much by choice as by lack of skill -- and who was initially applauded by the intelligentsia of his day for " existential boldness , " thereby simply confirming him in bad habits as a film maker .
i find his work tedious , unimpressive , and pretentious .
and this , too , is true of decameron .
it is also , sadly , true of virtually every pasolini film it has been my misfortune to endure .
pathetic .
this is what happens when director comes to work just because someone is paying him to .
the intentions were good , great locations and settings for a film of epic proportions .
but the performance , damn !
i swear , in some shots you can see extras on the background staring in the camera , or looking at the actors because no one told them what they should do when they hear " action ! " .
the battle scenes are so bad you wonder - are these people for real ?
they could 've done more damage just by hugging each other .
in the slow - mo scenes you can see people on battle field walking around or just standing , waving their hands .
only action in the foreground is somehow emphasized .
but for what ?
the story is so illogical and discontinuous , it seems like random situations in chronological order , sometimes not even that .
the dialogs are dumb , the love plot is more embarrassing and ridiculous than in hong kong action movies .
with a budget of 40 million , and you can see every dollar invested on the screen , in best case scenario , the final result of all this enormous effort is a shiny round laser disk in the thin cover placed on the shelf in video store .
a little girl lives with her father and brother in the middle of the countryside .
this little girl rosalie has some psychotic tendencies as the movie opens with her feeding kittens to some kind of creatures in the cemetery , and she has recently lost her mother who went crazy but whilst alive enjoyed staying in the woods all night .
the premise of the film has a new young lady coming to rosalie to take care of her .
she is introduced to the evil of the woods while driving and , imagine the suspense here , experiences a huge blue barrel falling over the side of a cliff to somehow stop her car dead in its tracks .
from there she walks to the nearest house and discovers mrs. whitfield who then goes into a whole lot of explanation about rosalie and her family .
the earnestness exuded by the mrs. whitfield character has to be seen to be believed .
well , the young lady meets up with the child and we soon learn that not only is she strange
but everyone in the film is very bizarre as well .
they all do share one thing in common which is none of them ever heard of an acting school .
none of these people can act - as evidenced by the few vehicles any of them in the entire film appeared in before or since - and all of them look like they have little idea what is going on , pause to remember lines , and have all the conviction of a paper bag .
the director plods through the material in a slow pace with this horrible piano music crescendoing here
and there at things that are suppose to be scary .
it takes us a bit before we get to a couple of murders by the creature friends , but by that time i did n't care .
the murders are not convincing either , and truth be told the whole film looks like someone through it together on their friend 's farm with the people and things on hand there .
that all being said the ending does have some creepy aspects to it though we do n't learn one darn thing about why rosalie is like this or more importantly who the creature with the cheap masks are .
cheap does n't even begin to describe the budget here with .
it basically is a couple old farmhouses and some sheds at the end
and of course the woods .
someone lent the director a couple old cars too .
no special effects of any kind and only the most minimal make - up .
there are so many guffaws / ridiculous moments to list , but i will just list a few here that at the very least made me chuckle from the lack of aptitude from the creative powers involved : 1)watch the gardener 's body
well after he has been " slain " .
len comes in and sees him butchered and you can see his fat belly heave with life .
2)the dying scene at the end where the actress playing rosalie is killed .
she looks like she is listening to directions and takes her sweet time dying considering the method .
3)how about the guy playing roaslie 's father giving us a cranky poor man 's andy griffith .
the scene where he is laughing about boy scouts dying was a weird hoot .
the child is indeed a very bad film and is very bad even for the standards of 70 's cheese if you will .
this is n't a b film but more like a z film with producer harry novak making some money on virtually nothing .
a female vampire kills young women and paints with their blood .
she has an assistant who does n't want to be a vampire , so he has to do what she orders or be turned into a blood sucker .
after a few kills , the assistant gets remorse and falls in love with a homeless girl .
what can i say about this movie ?
that its pacing is over - slow , that it has some strange sound effects ( never a bite sounded so strange ) and ambiance ( new jazz here i come ) and that lights do n't seem to be included on the set .
it looks like an " auteur " horror movie with all the self - sufficiency inside .
the plot is completely stupid and as you can guess , it 's the female vampire who explains how to kill her even if she does n't have to do it ; of course , crosses , light , garlic and sticks do n't work .
it 's not even a funny lousy movie .
perhaps with some friends and a lot of beers , it ca n't have its funny sides ( to be honest , it 's funny during 10 - 15 minutes near the end of the movie ) .
do n't be fooled by the troma sticker , it 's one the bad movie they present .
casting aside many of the favorable comments that have obviously come from friends and/or relatives that pepper this and many other low budget independents listed on imdb , one is lost when it comes to using these reviews as an accurate gauge .
so eventually you have to go out and rent the flick just to see for yourself .
one of the first things you must understand are the catch phrases that camouflage the reality of the movie .
in this case the term " dark psychological thriller .
read : " hack writer / director who thinks he 's an auteur , who replaces plot , story , and action , with what he believes is a deep insight into the human soul .
his great insight ?
festering and repressed childhood traumas emerge to wreck havoc when we become adults .
wow , i bet freud would be really impressed !
too many would be film makers like kallio , who were raised on low budget horror flicks of the last few decades , fail to dig their own fresh grave .
instead , they fall into the pre - dug graves of the many other directors that came before them .
they are content with rehashing old and tired horror clichés that they borrowed from a dozen or more films .
the result is an unoriginal , uninspired , unbelievable waste of film stock .
not since caligula have i considered turning off the movie half - way through ....
but then with this one , i was only 15 minutes in when i considered .
unfortunately , i did make it all the way through .
make sure that you do not .
it 's not that cradle of fear is shocking or gory or scary or frightening or sexual .
it 's that it 's not any of those things , yet it so desperately wants to be all of them .
instead , it 's boring , trite , ordinary , predictable , and unexceptionally poorly executed ( shot on video , high school special effects , no sense of even basic visual storytelling , dialog barely audible ...
not that it 's worth hearing , though).this movie is proof for the argument that even the straight - to - video distributors need to draw a line in the sand somewhere .
in fact , these young people were so distasteful that i could n't wait for all of 'em to get slaughtered , and that includes clarissa ( joanna canton ) since i considered her the most annoying of the bunch .
but i knew it was gon na be a mess from the opening minutes when a teen christine opened fired on the priest and the nuns with the leslie gore music playing in the background .
it had nowhere to go but down .
even the prosthetics looked fake and the " blood " looked suspiciously like hawaiian punch , although later on it took on red day - glo look to match the silly halloween makeup they were all wearing .
i 'm sure all the goth morons out there will appreciate this bullsh - t since it 'll appeal to that bunch .
it sure did n't appeal to me .
blah ...
and not even my favorite horror babe adrienne barbeau can save this stupid teen horror flick from itself .
she still looks hot , though .
i 'm glad she takes care of herself since we do n't get to see too much of her nowadays .
however , it is a step up from dante tomaselli 's meandering horror ( 2002 ) in that it has a somewhat coherent plot , so i 'll give it that much .
that and the little boston terrier named boozer also brings it up a notch .
i like what boozer does to clarissa in the end .
it was the only good scene in an otherwise silly film .
lion 's gate films sure must have been desperate when they picked this one up.2 out of 10
believe me , i wanted to like " spirit " .
the idiotic comments people made at the time of its release about how quaint it was to see old - fashioned , hand - drawn animation again , as if the last pencil - animated cartoon had been released twenty years ago , and the even more idiotic comments about how computers had now made the old techniques obsolete , had got my blood up ...
but then , the insulting , flavourless banality i had to endure in the first ten minutes of " spirit " got my blood up even more .
the character designs are generic , the animation ( partly as a result ) merely competent , the art direction as a whole so utterly , boringly lacklustre that you wonder how it could have come about ( we know , from " the prince of egypt " and " the road to el - dorado " , that there are talented artists at dreamworks ) , and the sophisticated use of cgi is in every single instance ill - judged .
( why do they bother ? )
there 's not a single thing worth looking at .
in an animated cartoon , this is fatal .
but it gets worse ...
the horses ca n't talk , but they 're far more anthropomorphised and unconvincing than the deer in " bambi " , which can .
and it seems that , in a way , the horses can talk .
spirit himself delivers the prologue ( sounding for all the world like a 21st - century actor picked out of a shopping mall in california ) , and from then on his laid - back , decidedly unhorselike narration is scarcely absent from the soundtrack , although it never once tells us anything that we did n't already know , or expresses a feeling which the artwork , poor though it is , was n't capable of expressing twice as well .
that prologue , by the way : ( a ) contains information which spirit , we later discover , had know way of knowing ; ( b ) expresses ideas which spirit would lack the power to express even if he could talk ; ( c ) includes new age rubbish like , " this story may not be true , but it 's what i remember " ; and ( d ) will give countless children ( the production is pitched , i presume , at six - year - olds )
the impression that horses are native to north america , which is sort of true , in that the common ancestor of domestic horses , zebras etc .
was native to north america - but all horse species on the continent had gone extinct long before the first humans arrived , and the mustangs of spirit 's herd ( which allegedly " belong here like the buffalo grass " ) were descended from horses introduced by europeans .
so the prologue rather annoyed me .
as often as spirit talks , bryan adams sings , sounding as usual as though he 's got a bad throat infection - and it 's not that he sings or even how he sings
, it 's what he sings :
maudlin narrative ballads which contribute even less , if possible , than spirit 's spoken narrative , and which sound as though they all have exactly the same tune ( although i was paying close attention , and was able to discern that they probably did n't ) .
if only bryan adams and the guy - pretending - to - be - a - horse could have shut up for a minute or two , the movie might have been allowed to take its true form : mediocre and derivative , rather than jaw - droppingly bad .
when i saw this at a shop
i thought it looked really good and original .
like wolfs creek meets texas chainsaw massacre , and
i mean it only cost three quid ( around $ 6 ) .
to be honest i do n't think it was even worth that .
it seemed like the directors-
the ' butcher brothers ' could n't decide whether wanted to do a artsy sort of horror or a gory slasher horror .
it ended up with a cliché ridden gory sadistic hour and fifteen minutes with all the characters being one dimensional
and you could n't care less what happened to them but to try to make the audience care about the characters they added a useless monologue at the end and the beginning of the film which to be perfectly honest was n't needed .
the only good part really was the middle / end-
i wo n't ruin it for you .
but that was the only " good " part .
overall a pointless watch .
it felt like a two hour film but was in fact only 75 minutes .
if you want an artsy film - don't bother .
if you want a slasher movie-
do n't bother-
the film moves so slowly with nothing ever happening .
let me start out by saying i will try not to put too many spoilers in this .
normally i enjoy robin williams movies , however this gem was not one of them .
it was billed as a suspenseful thriller .
the night listener was anything but .
to be blunt there were 6 people in the theater opening day , 2 walked out , for good reason .
the movie was in my opinion poorly written and directed .
the acting was alright
but again there was n't anything to work with .
the movie is about a storyteller who reads a good book by a dying kid .
however * insert spooky here
* no one can verify the kids existence .
so williams goes to wisconsin to try and find the author , however all he gets is a headache and excuses from the boys caretaker .
there that s it , that s all .
you wait for about an hour and a half and movie ends .
it had as many thrills and chills as a dentist office visit .
the homosexual undertones , or overtones had really nothing to do with the story , and the movie had a little profanity but it seemed to be thrown in there for absolutely no reason and made little sense .
in conclusion i really ca n't write a decent review on this film because there was nothing to it , it was as captivating as watching paint dry .
i gave it a 2 because the acting for what it was worth was alright
and it was n't directed by uwe boll .
this movie shows how racist john singleton is .
he portrays whites and other races that are not black as the evil that exists in our educational system .
how quick he forgets that it is this same educational system that made him what he is and failed at it .
ice cube 's character is the epitome of an instigating black man that was responsible for most of the violence in this film .
singleton barely touched on the relationships between the white and black characters that were trying to reach out to each other .
when omar epps says " i need to be with my people " , that racist remark spoke volume .
and john , do n't think for a minute that the picture of thomas jefferson in the tower stairwell did not get my attention .
nice touch !
this film was not nearly as much of a chore as i expected it to be .
there are a few seconds of brilliance in this somewhat idiotic hardcore ufo conspiracy paranoia - fest .
most of the acting is mediocre , but fairly typical for 1970s - style stuff replete with pregnant pauses .
a photographer and a model witness some strange goings - on in the woods and soon fall victim to these same goings - on .
flying saucers are spotted , more people disappear - but is it the aliens or our own government 's ultra - secret group of cover - up guys ?
soon enough , a reporter and a " ufologist " ( apparently modeled on the character of the writer - director ) are drawn into this unraveling fiasco and become the target of the ultra - secret agents who are as menacing as they are improbable and witless .
then the fun really begins .
the movie , predictably , makes about as much sense as the average ufo conspiracy theory , but should be commended for taking itself so seriously .
the camera work is ok for a low - budget film , the pacing is pretty good , the script is silly and absurd , and there are continuity issues which are fun to look out for .
what are the few seconds of brilliance i mentioned ?
honestly , i ca n't say much you without writing a spoiler .
suffice to say that the end of the film is , at least , worth fast - forwarding to if you ca n't take the middle .
dvd has become the equivalent of the old late night double - bill circuit , the last chance to catch old movies on the verge of being completely forgotten like the border .
there were great expectations for this back in 1982  a script co - written by the wild bunch 's walon green , jack nicholson in the days when he could still act without semaphore and a great supporting cast ( harvey keitel , warren oates , valerie perrine ) , tony richardson directing ( although he was pretty much a spent force by then )
but now it does n't even turn up on tv .
the material certainly offers a rich seam of possibilities for comment on the 80s american dreams of capitalism and conspicuous consumption , with nicholson 's border patrolman turning a blind eye to the odd drug deal or bit of people trafficking to finance his wife 's relentless materialism , until he rediscovers his conscience when he finds out his partners are also in the baby selling business .
unfortunately , he never really gets his hands dirty , barely even turning a blind eye before his decency rises to the surface .
the film feels always watered down as if too many rewrites and too many committees have left it neutered and , sadly , the recent dvd release is a missed opportunity to restore the original , nihilistic ending where nicholson goes over the edge and firebombs the border patrol station that was cut after preview audiences found it too downbeat but which still featured prominently in the film 's trailers .
while that probably was n't too convincing considering
how low - key nicholson 's crisis of conscience is in the film , it had to be better than the crude reshot climax where the film abandons logic and even basic rules of continuity : at one point he 's holding characters at gunpoint , then he 's somewhere else
and they 're free trying to kill him , one character goes from injured at his house to hopping around like a gazelle on the banks of the rio grande while valerie perrine 's character gets dumber on an exponential level .
the villains of the piece are disposed of with absurd ease ( and one impressive car stunt ) in time for a clumsily edited happy ending and you start wondering if you somehow found yourself watching another film entirely .
what makes it all the more clumsy is that the rest of the film is so flat and underwhelming that the sudden lurch into melodrama is all the more jarring .
unfortunately ry cooder 's beautiful title song , across the borderline , says it all much more economically .
but if you want to know the film 's real crime , it 's completely wasting the great warren oates in a nothing bit part .
when even he ca n't make an impression , you know something 's really wrong .
all in all , all too easy to remember why i found this so forgettable at the time .
i was quite pleased to find this movie in the local video library - cary grant in a comedy set in the services , director stanley donen , so far what 's not to like ?
it 's the sort of film that has me wondering two things - when did all involved ( including some well - known names )
realize they had a turkey on their hands , and what 's the worst thing about it among a number of contending aspects ?
still pondering the first , but my vote for the latter goes to the meandering storyline , ahead of the wordy sometimes pretentious script , the uncertain tone , the lack of consistent and well - developed characterization , and the lack of rapport between the characters .
you have to add very uneven acting to the criticism
but it 's understandable that the actors were struggling with this stuff and in addition seem under - rehearsed .
quite often they can hardly get their lines out quick enough .
cary grant tries to portray his usual charming and urbane persona but at times seems uneasy and staccato in his delivery .
i have to say however that i was relieved when the initial suggestions his character will be paired with the unspeakably vulgar jayne mansfield go away with the appearance of suzy parker .
what 's to like about the film ?
- for me chiefly the beauty of parker who also acts with restraint and a grace kelly - like dignity .
generally speaking the film is nice to look at .
the naval characters are very smart in their uniforms - however you have to truly wonder at the ghastly black fu manchu tunics they don in their luxury hotel suite .
even grant ca n't look elegant in his .
back to the credit side , ray walston does a commendable job with his character and for me there was an interest in hearing a pre - hogan 's heroes werner klemperer speak without an assumed german accent !
this is one strange hacked together film , you get the feeling that the bond company had to come in on this one , i 'm not surprised there 's no credits on it , who would want to be associated with this film .
the acting of all involved is terribly stilted and the plot jumps around all over , it all makes very little sense .
as i said before it looks like the bond company had to come in because it seems like there was alot of footage that was n't shot that needed to be , and all the music was very ill - fitting library music (
cheap i guess ) .
very , very odd .
i might actually buy a dvd of it though , if it could let me in on what the hell was going on , and what happened to this movie .
i do n't know where to begin , so i 'll begin with a snippet from the back of the cover of this movie .
alive combines the tension of vincenzo natali 's cube with kitamura 's own versus .
" i have not seen versus , so i ca n't comment on that , but i think cube was an excellent movie which i recommend to everyone .
however , in this case someone has clearly confused " tension " with " boredom" .
i'll just go ahead and spoil the entire plot , because besides being one holy swiss cheese of a plot , it 's also moldy cheese , and the movie is not worth spending any time on even if you do n't know the plot beforehand , so it does n't matter .
if i have misunderstood the plot , do n't hit me - it 's probably because i had to struggle to keep my eyelids open .
so the american military in nevada once lost a ufo i the nambi desert .
this apparently makes sense because they 're both deserts
so surely they 're practically the same place .
different continents or not .
a monkey broke into the ufo and acquired an alien something which was passed on to a japanese researcher who had to eat the monkey to survive in the desert .
what ever .
the alien thing is now passed on to anyone who 's " bloodthirsty " enough to kill the current host .
the japanese military wants to use it for military stuff , so they decide to make it pass from the current host ( the researcher 's daughter ) to some other dude .
but instead of just picking someone out of the military , which is full of people who are bloodthirsty and already on the military 's side , they decide that it 's probably a good idea to pick some criminal out of death row instead .
oh , and the reason they pick this particular criminal from death row is because he was the first person in history to not die from the non - lethal electric shock which is the standard execution method , because everyone dies from the placebo effect when they get electrocuted .
i do n't know if they do this so they can giggle in the staff room at how everyone dies even though it 's not deadly , or if they just want to cut down the electricity bill .
then the movie turns into what the matrix would have been if it had been really lame , and superfluous fighting bores us to tears for what feels like an hour .
and oh wait , now they remember that they already had a dude who was infected with the alien thing , so the entire movie up to this point was actually a totally waste of time and also human lives .
then everyone dies .
the end .
the only one moment in the movie where i did n't want to go away and sleep or eat a sandwich instead , was when a dude was pinned to a wall by a pipe through his chest , and he 's hanging around up there and another dude walks by .
the dude hanging on the wall says " i 'm in pain , shoot me " .
and the living dude looks at him , and it 's not like he 's a mean dude or anything
, so he really looks sorrowful and does n't want the guy on the wall to suffer .
so he shoots him.(rhetorical pause.)in the stomach . "
gee thanks a freakin ' heap . "
for getting so many positive reviews , this movie really disappointed me !
it is slow moving and long .
at times the story is not clear , particularly in the evolving relationships among characters .
my advice ?
read the book , it 's a fabulous story which loses it 's impact on screen .
the bad news is it 's still really dreadful .
i gave it a 2 because occasionally some of this kitchy slapstick parody actually seems funny .
it 's supposed to be better than " mulva , zombie ass kicker " , and progress should be rewarded .
or maybe i was drinking heavily when i watched it and felt generous .
whatever , " 2 " it is .
maybe the best thing about this movie is that it 's over pretty quick .
it takes elements from most of kill bill i & ii 's key themes and fight scenes , hacks them up , dumbs them way down , dirties up the dialog , and squishes the whole mess into about an hour of truly awful amateur video .
you'd best smoke a lot of something powerful if you want to enjoy this one .
and get this dvd back to the video store on time !
you 'll really hate yourself if you have to pay a late fee .
just watched this after hearing about how bad it was and wanted to see for myself .
seriously , even if you read all the negative comments on here you will be nowhere near able to comprehend how awful this film actually is , although it has to be one of the most hilarious things i have ever seen !
never bothered to post a comment on here before , but this piece of crap really warrants it .
firstly the entire plot is ridiculous and nonsensical .
brother of the lead character ( either ben or arthur , i forget which is which , and frankly it 's never very clear ) wants to stop some kind of gay marriage by killing everyone in sight - because homosexuality is abhorrent to christians , but apparently mass murder is n't .
then there 's some other crap thrown in about one of the gay couple 's ex - wife trying to force him to remarry her at gunpoint .
this leads to nothing , but provides us with one of the funniest lines of dialogue in the whole " film " - " i do n't make sense ?
you do n't make sense !
that 's who makes sense ! " .
brilliant .
then there 's the acting , which is just atrocious .
it must be seen to be believed .
my personal favourite is the apparently stoned civil rights lawyer woman , who is clearly reading her lines off of something , yet still managing to mess them up .
enough said .
the gay couple could n't be less convincing .
there 's the vaguely attractive and completely gormless guy , and his boyfriend who looks like that little cartoon dough man of the bisto adverts .
only fatter .
and less talented .
the " film " has also been filmed by someone who is incapable of holding a camera even remotely still , and the number of mistakes throughout is amazing .
the whole thing kicks off with the fat main guy in bed with a pair of boots on .
but anyways , we all know how terrible this thing is , so
i 'd like to highlight some of the most priceless comedy moments that the " film " provides .
- when the fat guy sets the church on fire and then prances like a six year old girl across the car park to make his escape .
hilarious.- mildread !
no idea
what relation she is to the main characters
- sometimes they know her , sometimes they do n't , but she pops up in a couple of scenes nonetheless .
hilarious.- the stoned lawyer .
already mentioned her , but she 's so funny
she 's worth another mention.-
the evil brothers dinner of crackers that he lays on for his guests.-
the evil brother 's anti - gay potion.-
the evil brother 's cats.-
the ending , which i wo n't give away because it must be seen to be believed .
i warn you though , make sure you 're not eating at the time ! ! ! !
the tub of lard main character / director / producer gets naked .
it 's foul .
basically , ben and arthur is indescribably bad , but unintentionally the most comical thing you 'll see for a long time .
literally , nothing is good about this excuse for a film , the goon of a director even manages to make the opening credits into a joke by writing his own name about 15 times .
ouch !
they do n't come much worse than this horrid adaptation of c. s. lewis 's beloved novel .
while the adaptation is very true to the novel , the acting is simply awful and the sets and special effects are on a scale equivalent to a school play .
i 've read that the budget for this miniseries was the grandest that the bbc has ever given at the time , but surely they could have scraped together a bit more than the $ 2 that it looks like this was filmed for .
the worst effect of all is mr. beaver .
i know computer effects were n't at the level necessary or even cost effective at the time , but the costume store man in a suit look was horrid .
better to have just cut the character from the film than do that to the role !
avoid this at all costs .
thomas clay has been mixing with the wrong types .
that 's the trouble with young people these days , they have no respect .
seriously this film should be avoided at all costs .
the action in the main body of the film is slow and rather stodgy and ambles to the drug
crazed ending as if , like it 's director , it has no where better to go .
we are introduced to the main title character who is a bit of an outsider , we see him at school and at home not quite fitting in , feeling awkward in himself as so many adolescents do .
robert falls in with bad lads and starts missing school and taking drugs and before you know it he is a psycho rapist .
the film is really about clay 's total failure to understand the links between violence imagery and violent acts .
clay seems to think a generation of crazed youth are made evil by scenes of war on our tvs .
yet he has filmed the most disgusting piece of simulated violence .
is this guy for real?if
clay has not seen youtube perhaps he is naive and unaware of will be done with the brutal climax scene from his film ?
all anyone will want to see is the most hideous scene from the end of the film and i am sure that will be what sticks with people .
the rest of the film is pointless for in committing such an act of violence to film clay not only damns young people who are actively engaged in preventing war , he also damns himself as perpetrator of extreme , tasteless violence for no better reason than his own personal celebrity status .
shame on all involved .
if you 're going to look after a child , make sure they do n't live anywhere near a graveyard .
especially if said kid has a habit of drawing gory pictures and disappears at night among the tombstones to see her ' friends ' .
but , our long haired heroine , oblivious to all the signs , shacks up with her family the nortons , which include a strict father and a dullard older brother who becomes a love interest for our budding babysitter .
even more spooky than the zombie gang outside is the cast 's tendency to talk even when their lips are n't moving , and for the words to not match the movement of their mouths .
but enough of that .. domestic animals are being sacrificed , old ladies are having eyeballs torn out and the orchestra wo n't shut up during any scene , even the quiet ones .
oh , and the editor is having a day off going by the way the film drones on .
in fact , it would been better if everybody involved had taken a breather , smelt what they 'd signed up for and gone awol .
yes , i know it 's hard to get into movies these days , but this sort of starter point is not one on your cv
you 'd want .
if would be like a trainee farm labourer having a conviction for chicken molesting .
featuring one of the worst lead performances ever by the shrill laurel barnett , and another almost equally as bad by the charisma - free child actress rosalie cole
( the next dakota fanning
she ai n't )
the film meanders on and on with nothing but padding until we get what passes for a climax .
this involves five or six members of the undead barricading our utterly useless heroine in a shed , while her bit of rough fends off these ghouls with a plank of wood , a one shell shotgun and whatever he can lay his hands on .
but back up a minute .. earlier on they were in the car , and they accidentally discovered that the creatures found the noise of the horn so repellent they shuffled off at the sound of it .
so do they stay where they are safe ?
no of course not , they run off to this abandoned building in the middle of nowhere , so the bloke can prove what a hardnut he is the girl can act like she 's having a nervous breakdown .
finally , the film closes .
it does n't end , it just goes to a grinding halt .
the main character wanders back to her vehicle covered in fake blood , as if nothing horrible had happened .
but , my dear viewer , something horrible has happened .
you have just sat through one of the most lamebrained , boring horror films you 're ever likely to see , and lost 82 minutes of your life
you 'll never get back .
just think .. years from now on your deathbed , what you 'd trade an hour and 22 minutes for just to spend a bit of extra time with your family .
sadly , it 's already too late for me .
do n't you make the same mistake :(
this was probably the worst movie ever , seriously .
i could actually do better myself , it was n't even set up properly .
it 's like this movie had a $ 5 budget and left with change .
do n't watch it .
i did n't even get all the way through this movie , had to turn it off .
i 've give this a 1/10 because it was hilarious how the producer of this movie wanted it to be a horror movie , but actually turned into a really bad comedy .
basically , a bunch of girls crashed into a car , broke a headlight , and the owner of that car went after them .
the bit that i saw was a women with a gun telling a load of girls to take all their clothes off , what the hell ?
it must be some kind of cheesy porn movie as well .
even the first 10 minutes of this movie were horrific .
it 's hard to believe that anybody other than john cusack would have put money into this .
with a string of anti - military / anti - war movies already being destroyed at the box office , it 's almost inconceivable that a studio of any kind would want itself associated with this script .
at first , it may have seemed like some kind of politically motivated derivative of grosse point blank with akroyd and cusack(s ) all over again .
but only about 90 seconds into the movie , it becomes obvious that this is a talentless attempt at dr strangelove.i liked so many of cusacks movies that i thought i would risk seeing the dvd of this one .
i have to say that i do n't know if cusack is sane enough for me to even watch another feature starring him again unless somebody else can vouch for it .
cusack seems to be so irreparably damaged by his hatred for george bush and the iraq war that he is willing to commit career suicide .
tom cruise was never close to being this far gone .
not even close .
here 's the good news first .
" spirit " is the most visually incredible animated film in current home theater release .
the artwork and effects are revolutionary , and i recommend that you give this movie a look by virtue of the visuals alone .
and now for the bad news .
i really mean it when i say that the animation is the only thing this movie has going for it .
you may remember that " spirit " got badly trounced by " lilo and stitch " last summer .
the first person who argues that it was because disney is more well - established and had better advertising can write me a four page long essay entitled " why ' lilo and stitch ' 's script did n't stink" .
for all the incredible new animation technology on display in " spirit " , the story is almost * astonishingly * dull .
there is a lesson here , and ( needless to say ) it does n't just apply to animated movies .
you can have the most mind - blowing visual effects ever to grace the eyes of a mortal , but if your story is boring and , more importantly , we do n't care about your characters , it 's bad film - making .
simple as that .
the animation is still mind - blowing ; i just ca n't wait to see what somebody with more imagination does with it .
went to see the movie " troy " this afternoon .
here 's what i learned : contrary to popular opinion and history in general , greek men were not gay .
ever .
this was clearly established immediately at the start of the film and reinforced every five minutes or so thereafter .
so it is safe for american dudes to see this movie .
helen of troy always had impeccable hair and makeup .
she looked gorgeous in all of her brief cameo scenes which , though numerous , were probably all filmed on the same day , one after the other , with the director saying , " alright , now look beautiful .
good ...
ok , now look frightened ...
good ... now look depressed ...
good ... now look interested .
good ... now look beautiful again ...
good ...
greek and trojan men had british accents .
those with american accents could n't act .
trojans looked just like greeks , but they tended to stay on the right side of the screen .
brad pitt does not blink on camera .
helen of troy 's biggest line was , " they 're coming for me .
"trojan music sounded remarkably like modern bulgarian music .
brad pitt 's thighs go all the way up .
achilles had a young male friend with whom he was very close , but it 's ok .
they were cousins .
never mind what history says .
peter o'toole can tell an entire story with just an expression .
trojan gods apparently all had greek names , but their statues either looked egyptian or like peter o'toole in drag .
greek men never touched each other unless they were fighting , much like american men .
all of the thousands of extras in the movie had exactly the same skin color ...
light egyptian , by max factor .
troy had only three women .
there were lots of blond greeks , which is good news for brad pitt , who would otherwise have really stuck out .
despite their coastal desert locale , greeks had the uncanny ability to find unlimited amounts of timber to build fires , funeral pyres , trojan horses and the like .
british actors look silly with greek hairdos .
brad pitt changes expression only when the sun is shining directly in his eyes .
greek soldiers fought constantly , but their outfits always looked impeccable .
greek soldiers wore underwear under their skirts .
apparently greek temples were always in ruins , even back when they were all new .
just got back from a free screening and i 'm very glad
i did n't pay to see this very sub - par film .
the theater was full and the crowd was a mix of kids and adults .
it seemed like it was just the kids who were laughing at all the slap - stick and fart jokes though ( good god they loved to hit these poor mice in the crotch a lot ! ) .
the movie is pretty juvenile , unintelligent , predictable , and mostly annoying .
the characters just seem to be thrown together to fill in empty space and the relationships between them all seemed very forced with no charm at all .
visually , the film is about average with nothing that really stands out .
they did a decent job of mimicking the clay look from wallace and gromit , but other than that
it 's very forgettable imagery .
although i was really bored throughout the whole film , i chuckled a couple times .
it 's not an absolute failure , but i most definitely would not want to watch it again .
if you 're a parent with kids ( and you do n't care that your kids see mindless cheap - jokes ) then feel free to take them to see it , but everyone else should n't waste their money .
this is a case of a bunch of people thinking they are so clever they have a story that fits the time .
remember the all - around political conspiracies caught on camera in the years leading to the watergate and a little later ?
most movies trying to cash in on made - for - tv ' o so powerful , o
so mind numbing ' conspiracies were in fact caught in their own navel - gazing attitude .
i was never a fan of the conversation which i find as much dated as others conspiracy stints of the time
but coppola was true to his main character and hackman
was a pretty engaging actor to observe .
i mean these conspiracy movies are mostly drowning in the character pool of noir heroes .
lots of questions unanswered , lots of dis - communication ...
well this takes at least bergman to build a movie about such un - visual bases .
the next man is a perfect example of its time : one political soup served with an idealistic character and an horrendous conspiracy tightening its web around him .
neither part is interesting in itself and the whole does n't get any better .
in fact you can tell how much it will be bad from the very first sequences piling up ' watcha that ' murders without ever advancing any storyline .
pedestrian directing at its worst as most of the movie is one pompous accumulation of scenes revolving around violence naively brought under the viewer 's eyes .
there 's nothing wrong with a popcorn movie to keep you off the streets .
it 's just that some are better than others .
this is very poor .
the acting is awful , the script dire ; and the special effects overrated .
why does hollywood treat it 's audience with such contempt ?
and why have they made a sequel ?
anyone familiar with my reviews on the internet movie database will know that i can be a grumpy bastard from time to time .
there are a lot of films i do n't like which , for some unfathomable reason , i 've felt the urge to review .
however , if anyone out there is curious to know the name of the worst film i 've ever seen , look no further than transylvania 6 - 5000 .
without question , this takes the title of the all - time no . 1 awful film .
i ca n't believe that i actually made it from the start of this clunker to the finish!it is clearly meant to capture the flavour of mel brooks 's young frankenstein , but where that film was a funny take on horror movie traditions , this one is a desperately strained and misguided attempt to wring laughs from embarrassingly weak material .
jeff goldblum and ed begley jr look ashamed to be here as a pair of journalists in modern day
transylvania ( perhaps they realised early on that they were doomed in this dud ) .
during their research , they come up against all the chief monsters from past horror favourites , such as vampires , werewolves and mummies .
anyone who manages to brave this film right through to its end may pray that a stake be driven through their heart to relieve them from the agony of boredom .
it marks a career nadir for everyone involved and proves that when comedy fails in a big way , it results in awesomely dire entertainment .
the plot and characters are ridiculous and barely qualify as " plot " and " character " .
the biggest problem is the fact that everything is dark , out - of - focus , and blurry .
the fact that fulci filled the whole movie with mist does n't help .
on the other hand , the whole thing is completely bizarre and filled with sex and violence .
the inconsistencies are pretty entertaining , one of the main characters says he has no friends , yet he latches onto the new guy in a minute of screen time , and has a whole gaggle of women on the side .
though he does show his anti - social tendencies by randomly putting an arrow in some poor b*****d who 's just minding his own business!images of blood or gore flowing get more attention than the characters
but what do you want from fulci .
maybe it ruined his career , but it was n't really much more stupid than zombie .
worth a rental if you like gory italian flicks or are desperate for sword and sorcery or something bizarre .
how do you sleep through someone getting sucked into a pit 2 feet from your head and screaming for help ?
people tried to make me believe that the premise of this rubbishy supernatural horror / thriller was inspired by the actual last words spoken by an authentic serial killer ( whose name escapes me at the moment ) .
whilst awaiting his execution in the electric chair , he claimed that his soul would return to life and continue to go on a never - ending murder spree .
it 's not a highly original idea to revolve a horror film on , by the way .
other low - budget turkeys implemented the exact same basic premise , like " house 3 " , " shocker " and " ghost in the machine " .
anyway , " the first power " ( a.k.a " pentagram " ) is n't a completely terrible effort , but the script overly reverts to clichés and lacks genuine thrills .
the film starts off as an okay , albeit mundane serial killer flick in which obsessive cop - hero lou diamond philips pursues a maniac who carves bloody pentagrams into the chests of his victims .
he receives unexpected help from a spiritual medium , played by the gorgeous and underrated tracy griffith .
she leads him to the killer but also begs not to execute him , as that would result in an even bigger catastrophe !
thanks to tess ' helpful hints , detective logan quickly captures the killer and celebrates his death penalty , but patrick channing made a pact with satan himself and returns to the rotten streets of california to do some more killing .
the first power " gets pretty bad once the murderer reincarnates as a vengeful spirit .
instead of using his newly gained satanic powers to wipe out the entire world ( that 's what i would do in his position ) , channing simply prefers to play cat and mouse games with his nemesis the copper .
he annoyingly calls him " buddy - boy " all the time and possesses the bodies of logan 's friends and colleagues in order to trick him .
even though never really boring or poorly realized , it 's a very weak film to endure , mostly because you constantly get the feeling of déjà - vu .
writer / director robert resnikoff shamelessly uses every dreadful cliché ( the killer got sexually abused as a child ) and even the players ' lines can easily be predicted .
as soon as griffith explains she 's able to predict the future , you just know that , somewhere at some point in the film , she 's going to say the ridiculously overused line
" i tell people who to live their lives , but my own life is a mess " .
yawn .
lou diamond philips ' performance is adequate enough , but it 's rather difficult to take that youthful rebel of " la bamba " and " stand and deliver " serious as a tough copper .
there also are decent supportive roles for mykelti williamson ( " forrest gump " ) , carmen argenziano ( " when a stranger calls " ) and b - movie horror legend david gale ( " re - animator " ) appears in a minuscule cameo at the very beginning of the film .
as many others have stated , this is a terrible movie , from every aspect of movie making .
how they ever got some known name actors to take on this project is amazing .
many people have complained that it was shot on ' cheap ' video cameras .
yes , it was shot on video , but not ' cheap ' video .
what made it bad was the lighting , white balancing , shooting technique and editing .
there were so many different shooting and editing techniques used that it was a production mess .
harsh , inconsistent lighting , over use of hand held shooting ( ala woody allen ) , choppy editing ( another allen technique ) , but poorly done , without real purpose .
the lack of white balance in the restaurant kitchen scenes is embarrassing ; very amateurish .
the simulated sex scenes had no acting value at any level .
how this video ever made it to print is beyond me .
it is worth watching if only to be amazed at how bad it is .
well then , what is it ? !
i found nicholson 's character shallow and most unfortunately uninteresting .
angelica huston 's character drained my power .
and kathleen turner is a filthy no good slut .
it 's not that i " do n't get it " .
it 's not that i do n't think that some of the ideas could 've lead to something more .
this is a film with nothing but the notion that we 're supposed to accept these ideas , and that 's what the movie has going for it .
that nicholson falls for turner is absurd , but then again , it is intended to be so .
this however does not strike me as a.)funny , or b.) ... even remotely interesting ! ! !
this was a waste of my time , so do n't let the hype get the best of you ...
it is a waste of your time !
with all that being said , the opening church sequence is quite beautiful ...
fantastically putrid .
i do n't mean to imply above that only a few people should avoid " doc savage .
" almost every demographic group would be bored by this trivial , tv - movie - quality production .
it 's a little like the 60 's " batman " tv series , except it 's not funny .
even accidentally .
you 're better off taking a nap .
this movie should not be viewed unless you are trying to kill yourself .
i think this movie could actually cause severe brain damage .
the main characters are the whiny non - hero kevin , amy , his bratty , ungodly conservative girlfriend , kyle , a dork in red shorts who enjoys phone sex , daphne , a scrawny , horny girl who is supposed to be " cool " and has no sense of how to dress , and her oversexed boyfriend nick , an army recruit who can make an innuendo out of anything .
no , i 'm not a pervert
, that 's really how the movie goes .
the movie itself is an over - sexed rip - off of 1986 's gremlins , only you 'll never find a trace of gizmo anywhere .
no , these hobgoblins , unleashed by wimpy man ( i 'm sorry , kevin ) , make someone 's wildest dreams come true , and then kill the victims .
yes , you guessed it -
eventually , they wind up in a strip club , where the nerdy amy 's greatest dream is revealed - she wants to be a stripper !
look , i watched this flick via mst3 k , and even with mike nelson , tom servo , and crow t. robot making a laughing - stock out of this cinematic trainwreck
and it still made me bleed from both eyes .
not really , but i wish i had .
i 'm not giving you anymore plot , because reliving it gives me this great urge to drive a pitchfork through my brain .
besides , it 's not like there 's a plot worth mentioning .
they should put a surgeon 's general warning on this film .
this rip off of the 1984 hit " gremlins " is quite possibly the biggest train wreck of a movie ever made .
even for a ' b ' grade movie , all other cheap horror movies on the same platform completely dwarf this movie in terms of plot , acting , and goodness .
it begins with a random old security guard and the younger punky security guard whose name is of no importance .
because a few minutes into the film he walks into the ' forbidden ' safe , and is killed whilst living out his fantasy of being a rock star in a cheap pub .
this is just an appetizer for the scat - filled main course .
the main character , kevin , struggles various times to prove himself as more than a total pussy .
perhaps he succeeds within the film , but to the audience he proves himself as nothing more than a bad actor .
kevin gets himself a job with the old security guard , and is guided through his security shift in the ( wait for it ) abandoned studio lot .
yes why bother making a set when you can just use the studio itself .
back to the film .
kevin somehow opens the forbidden safe and releases the hobgoblins .
the hobgoblins force people to live out their wildest fantasies and then kill them for some reason .
they must be returned before sunrise or else ...
or else what ?
exactly .
other characters include kevin 's ' macho ' army friend nick , nick 's ' woman ' daphne whose character has no more substance than a bitch - slut attitude and prostitute worthy outfits .
there is kevin 's manipulative and ' reserved ' girlfriend amy , whose deepest desire is apparently to be a badly portrayed cher look - alike with fishnet stockings with a pair of blue grandma underpants on top ..
do n't ask me how that works .
quite possibly the most entertaining character of all is kyle .
how such groups of friends are made is up for question .
kyle is a perverted creep who ca n't go an hour without self - stimulating .
his hobbies include calling up sex - chat lines from other people 's houses and most likely sniffing underwear .
the story unfolds as the heroes search for the hobgoblins : knee - high creatures ( aka . hand puppets ) which , for some reason , attempt to travel no further than the borders of the local neighborhood .
each of the characters eventually lives out their wildest fantasy which never has anything to do with having millions of dollars ... or the film having a big budget .
warning spoilers ahead :
the twist at the end of this movie will leave the watcher wondering " what ? " .
the hobgoblins are returned to the safe by ... their own free will .
perhaps they lost patience waiting for sunrise to wreak havoc , or perhaps the story - writers got writer 's cramp and decided not to worry about the ending .
upon returning to the safe , the old security guard reveals " what he learned in the military " and detonates explosives which destroys the safe , signaling the end of the evil hobgoblins and the end of this roller coaster ride ; better fitted to a ride on an escalator .
the sheer badness of this film is enough to send someone to tears .
if you plan to watch it , i recommend a few alcoholic drinks beforehand to take any serious consideration of the film out of mind .
why oh why do n't blockbuster movies simply stick to their selling point ?
everyone in the cinema , young and old , was there to see talking animals make jokes , and whilst they did that we were all happy ...
and then , as with lost in space , came the two killer blows - plot and sentiment .
who really cared what happened to the tiger or whether eddie murphy made up with his daughter ?
not me , that 's for sure .
to die for ( 1989 ) was just another d.t.v . feature that made an appearance on cable ad nasuem during the early nineties .
the only thing notable about this feature was the last movie duane jones appeared in .
other than
that there 's no reason to watch this vampire flick unless you like pseudo chick flicks masquerading as a horror film .
a tired vampire longs for love and searches the back streets of l.a. looking for it .
will he succeed or will vlad just strike out again like he has for
the last century?this movie must have been big because a couple of sequels soon followed .
they 're so bad they make this one look like a classic .
i know this is a movie about vampires but the film makers could have used to lighting .
not recommended by me because i did n't like it .
'nuff said ?
this should be re - titled " the curious case of the unscrupulous filmmakers who misrepresented a non - horror snorer as a shock film .
" it 's one long , boring tale of a fraternity hazing , a gag so transparent that even flounder from delta house could see through it .
jeff east , an actor in the dues - paying stage , can be forgiven for taking any work he could get .
the same ca n't be said for charles martin smith , who formerly acted for such cinematic heavyweights as george lucas and sam peckinpah .
once available on tape
but , thankfully , not out on dvd .
misrepresented garbage like this belongs in a landfill and nowhere else .
where oh where to begin in describing the comprehensive wretchedness of neil labute 's latest attempt at film making ?
there are many kinds of film fans out there , but by far the most annoying and shallow is mr. intriguing .
you know mr. intriguing , do n't you ?
he 's the fellow that no matter how stupid , lame , and incomprehensibly dull a film is , he says " gee , i do n't know why everyone hated it
, i found it intriguing .
he 's the kind of guy who finds the scent of dog poop intriguing .
especially when he smears it in the shape of a hitler mustache on his upper lip and marches about the house ranting about the brilliance of science fiction that features thinly veiled references to greek mythology .
he 's also the guy this version of the wicker man was made for .
no one else could stand it .
today , bea arthur died so i was cruising around the imdb web site and somehow wound up on a show called " gloria . "
" all in the family " was a brilliant show for its first four or five years and i bet i watched every episode more than once .
however , i swear that i did not know a show named " gloria " existed .
maybe , that 's a good thing .
maybe , it means i had a life as a young adult rather than watching television .
on the other hand , it is pathetic that the " all in the family " franchise had deteriorated so much that it begat a show i never heard of -- and one that is rated very poorly by the previous reviewers .
i rated the show a 1 for two reasons -- the system did not allow me to register a no vote and writers and tv execs should be condemned for starting a show that had no business being on the air and besmirches the memory of one of the greatest shows in tv history .
shalom , zwrite
it really was that bad .
on a par with the ( mercifully ! )
short - lived " dirty dozen " tv series that starred ben murphy and was made at around the same time
( also on the cheap in yugoslavia).i was embarrassed for the cast members of this film - and for telly savalas in particular .
he was waaaaaay too old and fat for the role ( pushing 70 when he made this garbage ) , and the reviewer who draws parallels with telly the greek in this and john wayne in " the green berets " pretty much sums it up .
other reviewers have pointed out some of the many laughable howlers that this crime against celluloid contains , so i wo n't repeat them here .
but i will add that i 'm amazed that no - one 's yet mentioned the ridiculously tiny - looking helmet that savalas wears on his big , bloated head .
i 'm also astonished that this trainwreck of a film has a rating as high as 4.7 here at imdb .
as far as i 'm concerned , it 's a " 1 " right across the board .
if you want a good example of why flogging a franchise to death really is a bad idea ( especially 20-plus years after the original )
- look no further than " the dirty dozen - the fatal mission" .
awful - avoid ! ! ! !
first lesson that some film makers ( particularly those inspired by hollywood ) need to know - just ' style ' does not sell .
i guess tashan when translated will mean style .
second , if you are hell bent on selling style , that does not spare you from having a decent story .
tashan has some story which could have sufficed with some better director .
but it is not slick .
for example , all three - saif , kareena and akshay - are narrators at different points in the story .
but this setup is not utilized to properly .
there could have been a better mix and match of their narrations .
actions sequences are from the seventies .
cheoreography of the film is awful .
i think vaibhavi merchant just sleep walked through this film .
vishal - shekhar have put up a good score but it does not belong to this film .
why is there a sufi song ( dil haara ) in tashan ?
why is the cool hinglish song ( dil dance maare ) not on anil kapoor when he is the one who is english crazy ?
akshay kumar is the saving grace of the film .
but he is in his stereotyped self .
you wo n't mind missing this film .
is there any other time period that has been so exhaustively covered by television ( or the media in general ) as the 1960s ?
and do we really need yet another trip through that turbulent time ?
not really .
but if we must have one , does it have to be as shallow as " the ' 60s " ?
i like to think that co - writers bill couturie and robert greenfield had more in mind for this two - part miniseries than what ultimately resulted , especially given couturie 's involvement in the superb hbo movie " dear america :
letters home from vietnam " which utilized little original music and no original footage , letting the sights and sounds of the time speak for themselves .
this presentation intercuts file footage with the dramatic production , but it does n't do anyone any favours by trying to do too much in too little time ; like so many of its ilk , it 's seen from the point of view of one family .
but the children of the family seem to be involved tangentially with almost every major event of the ' 60s
( it 's amazing that one of them does n't go to the rolling stones gig at altamont ) , making it seem less like a period drama and more like a cliff notes version of the decade .
the makers rush through it so much that there 's little or no time to give the characters any character , with the stick figures called our protagonists off screen for ages at a time - the children 's father is especially clichéd - and then when they 're back on blammo !
it 's something else .
garry trudeau could teach the filmmakers a thing or two about doing this kind of thing properly .
in fairness , jerry o'connell , jordana brewster , jeremy sisto , julia stiles and charles s. dutton give their material the old college try , but they 're wasted ( especially the latter two ) ; it 's undeniably good to see david alan grier in a rare straight role as activist fred hampton , and rosanna arquette ( in an uncredited cameo in part 2 ) is always welcome .
what is n't welcome is how " the ' 60s " drowns the soundtrack with so many period songs that it ultimately reduces its already minimal effect ( and this may well be the only time an american tv presentation about post-60s america never mentions the british invasion - no beatles , no rolling stones ...
then again , there 's only so much tunes you can shoehorn into a soundtrack album , right ? ) .
capping its surface - skimming approach to both the time and the plot with an almost out - of - place happy ending , " american dreams " and " the wonder years " did it all much , much better .
nothing to see here you ca n't see elsewhere , people ... except for julia stiles doing the twist , that is .
i am glad to read so many negative comments about the tritter plot .
everyone i talk to says the same thing .
they like house 's gruff nature and his intelligence , but really dislike the vindictiveness of this continuing plot .
it cuts into the real nature of the hospital story and makes everyone angry at police authority .
it needs to have a more caring nature instead of the vindictiveness to everyone at the hospital .
also , there seems to be many questionable legal aspects to what tritter is actually doing .
he alone can not freeze accounts and have the authority to stop doctors from writing prescriptions for patients .
a lot of the vindictiveness he is showing also is hurting the very sick patients at the hospital and the is not a good storyline to portray .
i voted the episode awful not because of the story itself , but when you insert the trittor piece it turns me off and the rest of the plot gets hurt by it , people say they hate to watch the story lines anymore .
please change it .
get tritter out .
carlo verdone once managed to combine superb comedy with smart and subtle social analysis and criticism .
then something happened , and he turned into just another dull " holier - than - thou " director .
il mio miglior nemico can more or less be summarized in one line " working class = kind and warm , while upper - class = snob and devious .
but love wins in the end" .
such a trite clichè for such a smart director .
there is n't really too much to talk about in the movie .
every character is a walking stereotype : the self - made - man who forgets his roots but who 'll become " good " again , the scorned wife , the rebellious rich girl who falls for the honest - but - poor guy ...
acting is barely average .
severely disappointing under every aspect .
this movie was bad from the start .
the only purpose of the movie was that angela wanted to get a high body count .
the acting was horrible .
the killings were acted out very badly .
like when ally got stuffed down that toilet
i guess it was in the abandoned cabin .
but when the end of the movie comes and molly and the other guy are in the cabin you see ally
so angela must have gone in to get her .
the part that really got me was when the black girl and angela were in the cabin and angela took the guitar string and chocked her .
it was horrible acting and two why would n't you just turn around and punch the bitch ? ! ? ! ?
then when molly is getting chased by angela if you have the neigh why not just turn around and stab her ? ? ?
so stupid .
this movie sucked ...
the cult of personality has elevated the status of roger corman , sam arkoff , lloyd kaufman etc .
as kings of the b 's .
because the folks at crown international were so key , they have n't been elevated to the status they richly deserve .
a film like the van may now seem like a disposable piece of drive - in esoteria , but it was a sizable hit when it was released ( not to mention subsequent re - releases as a double feature with other crown hits).the van was a perfect example of crown 's hit strategy of seizing upon the mood of movie - goers at the time of a film 's release .
here , it was sex , drugs , rock ' n roll and the brief " custom van " fad .
as others have noted , it is ironic that the " hit " song in the film refers to a chevy when the title vehicle is a dodge in the film itself .
i had a town selectman where i was at the time even declare these vans to be " dens of sin on wheels ! "
a perfect ad line for the film!there are the usual assortment of " good " and " bad " girls , muscle - heads and low - brow hijinks ( including a supporting bit by danny devito ) .
in many ways this is n't much different from the old beach party movies of the 60 's , but now spiced up with nudity and drug use .
obviously done on a limited budget and a limited schedule , the film coasts along pleasantly enough with a breezy charm that compensates for some , by today 's standards certainly , un - pc views of women .
the classic touch is a toaster for bobby 's den of sin on wheels .
yes , a toaster !
hey , you got ta have something hot for those munchies!grindhouse fest .
i too like dafoe as an actor
but i wasted a few hours of my life actually watching this film
, i still ca nt believe i managed to watch it in its entirety .
was there actually a point to the film ? , and the ending ,
well , i m
glad i never paid to see this awful pointless piece of pathetic excuse of a film!im not sure without hunting the facts out but is dafoe married or seeing the awful actress in this film in real life , if so was it an attempt to kick start her career ?
, if so i m afraid it must have failed .. i post this in the hope i can actually put someone off watching this film , even if 1 person takes heed of my comments and decides they would much rather watch paint drying i will feel i have made some good in the world , if only i had had the same advice ...
mr perlman gives a standout performance ( as usual ) .
sadly , he has to struggle with an underwritten script and some nonsensical set pieces .
larsen is in " die hard " mode complete with singlet and bulging muscles , i 'm sure he could do better but seems satisfied to grimace and snarl through his part .
the lovely erika is very decorative ( even though fully clothed ! ) and shows some signs of " getting " acting at last .
sfx are mainly poor cgi and steals from other movies .
the shootouts are pitiful - worthy of the a - teamnot even worth seeing for perlman - avoid
i went to see this film with low expectations , but hoping to be charmed by seeing my home town on film .
sadly , that 's about all i got .
the story covers familiar territory ( the high school reunion ) , but the plot is convoluted and supernatural element adds little to this well - worn theme .
though the quality of the acting was good overall , the content of the film was appalling .
the sexism of the film was blatant -- women are apparently unfulfilled unless they are married , procreating or both ( though this was couched as a post - feminist choice ) .
worse still was the racism -- the shrill jewish mother , the black man who still lives at home-- and gratuitous cruelty ( tormenting the class geek ) .
we should be ashamed if these characters are thought to represent the inhabitants of the city of kalamazoo , and the writers should be abashed at having brought such broad and cruel stereotypes to the screen .
when i come on imdb boards , i'm always fed up when i see a " the worst movie ever " post .
after watching this * movie*,i think that i am soon going to create my own post!!the opening titles : great , some kind of lame zoom on a gas oven
( yeah , focus on the fire =
explosions =
great action packed movie!!)the actors : i think that ice t is a cool rapper ,
even a nice actor ( sometimes , i insist,"sometimes " ) but the steven seagal like policeman he plays is ... beyond the words .
the rest of the cast is ...
well i do n't know where those actors were hired
but jeez!!i bet my dog would have been a much better actor than them!!the plot :
hijacking.original is n't it??the action sequences : the first shot of the movie is an explosion .
i told myself , well , cool!!at least there will be some nice pyrotechnics ...
i was dead wrong .
the rest of the movie is mostly filled with low rent stock shots taken from the air force ...
the dialogs are hilarious , the music is pure crap , the end is happy
( i mean i was happy at the end because the movie was over!!!)my cousin who was watching the movie was delighted
( i 'm 22 , she 's 42 ...
well).i was on the verge of taking the movie and burn it .
maybe next time i 'm gon na watch it ...
(who said never ? ? ? )
did anyone who was making this movie , particularly the director , spare a thought for the logic of the story - line ?
these are not mere plot - holes , but plot graves , that become ever deeper as we lose any sympathy for the main character and his plight .
that is , if you are kind enough a viewer to valiantly ignore the fact for most of the movie that the characters are either servants to the grave - hole plot , or boring and unlikeable .
or , in the case of downey 's & hannah 's characters , apparently superfluous .
in pondering the reason for existence of downey 's character 's significant screen - time in the movie , i decided that either the director had liked his character and unnecessarily increased his screen - time ( unlikley , as the director did n't change anything else about the script he actually needed to ) or that his character was going to be sacrificed on the altar of bad plotting .
i 'll leave you to guess which one it was to be .
i had to keep checking the cover of the dvd to confirm that this really was made by credible talents .
i can not understand why robert altman would take this job .
surely he has some power to pick and chose .
actually , i ca n't understand why anyone would take this script on , except a first - time director looking for the experience .
i suppose robert downey jr. needed the money for his habit .
i suppose kenneth branagh wanted to try a southern accent .
i suppose robert duvall was only given a few pages of the script and thought the role in isolation sounded intriguing .
these are the only motivations i can see that would coerce good actors to take on roles in this movie .
as for robert altman , plenty of effort has gone in on his part to making the movie look fantastic .
i found myself noticing how he had framed such and such a scene , or used the bright orange float vests in another scene to draw the eye 's movements , or imposed a beautiful filter to create a particular mood .
i do not typically notice such things in movies , since most movies i bother to watch to the end actually engage me for reasons of good story - telling and interesting characters with understandable motives .
i watched this to the end only because some ridiculous element of optimism in myself kept looking at that dvd cover and being convinced that , due to the talent involved , there had to be some redeeming factor in this movie .
nice direction .
but that 's not why i watch movies .
i think this movie was supposed to be shocking .
but the only way in which it is indeed shocking is how shocking badly it 's been made ... and simply is .
it 's one - and - a - half hour of torment .
even more so for the viewer than for the characters in the movie
( the five girls).sure
the main characters get their bloody piece in a bad way , which is basically fine , since it 's a horror - movie .
and i ( usually ) like horror - movies .
i 've no problem with violence in these type of movies per se .
however all the violence in this film serves no end whatsoever .
it 's no spectacle other than that it 's simply grotesque .
it 's so lame it even gets boring , and really quick too .
the worst thing ( if the above was n't bad enough for ya ) about this movie is that they 've tried to copy the blair whitch project , by filming with cheap hand - held - cameras .
but ( again , this too ) serves no end whatsoever .
in the " blair which " , sure enough , there 's an explanation , namely they are their with a camera looking for the blair witch .
in this film , there 's no other explanation than : " hey ya'll we wanted this to look like the blair whitch ! !
the sound in the movie is also something to get depressed about .
the girls are screaming so hysterically that many a time you ca n't make out what they 're saying .
also , no effort has been made to make anything any better , sound - wise or other wise .
than finally , there 's the soundtrack , which is just as bad as the rest , and varies from cheap euro - house to the worst grungy hard - rock ...
my advise : do n't watch this under any circumstances .
kid found as a baby in the garbage and raised at a martial arts academy has a knack for sinking baskets .
with the help of the man who found him he gets in to college and is promoted to the championship as he searches for his real parents .
infinitely better in pieces action comedy is a real mess as a whole .
it seems to be striving for a hipper basketball version of shaolin soccer , but the comedy is scatter shot , its focus wanders more than a chihuahua with add on quadruple espresso .
i kept asking " what am i watching " .
i watched it from start to finish
and i still do n't know what the hell happened .
its a shame since there are some great action scenes , some amusing jokes and the occasional moment , but nothing , none of it ever comes together , i 'd take a pass .
" shinobi " is one of those movies that thinks the mere act of killing off a character automatically brings a sense of gravitas or emotion to the story .
unfortunately , for the audience to actually care about the people dying , you have to develop the characters , otherwise all you have is a bunch of random acts of violence .
the problem is especially compounded when you have tons of characters , all of whom die .
ok , so if you ca n't be bothered to make the characters memorable or sympathetic in any way , you can at least make the reasons for why they die plausible , right ?
nope .
here we have a war between two ninja clans , with neither side really knowing why they are fighting each other .
they kill each other because the emperor says so .
yet even well after it becomes glaringly obvious that the emperor wants all of them dead , they still refuse to abandon their meaningless missions .
that 's not stubbornness ...
that 's just plain dumb .
fine , fine !
there is no character development , and the plot provides no reasonable rationale for fighting .
at least they die fighting in cool action scenes , right ?
yet again , no !
in fact , many of the fights are n't even fights at all :
super ninjas that the movie spent so much time and effort introducing die suddenly ( and lamely , in my opinion ) .
i 'm talking about things like , " lalala , i 'm walking along and i-
* neck gets slashed
" the end for that character .
not even halfway through the film , i threw my hands up in frustration at the ludicrousness of it .
a handful of critics have awarded this film with positive comments .
i do n't wish to argue with their opinion , but i strongly disagree .
when i first watched this film
i was mildly impressed .
but after comparing it with other films , particularly with the late master , bruce lee
i quickly changed my mind .
in fact , if it was n't for the title of the film , i would never have bought it .
game of death 2 does n't relate to the original game of death , ( except it shares one character , billy lo.)i was stunned to see how similar game of death 2 was compared to enter the dragon .
the plots have striking similarities : both bruce lee and bobby lo are on a mission to avenge a relative .
the two locations are similar , in which they both are very isolated and are surrounded by thousands of blackbelts .
there is an element of prostitution in both films ( women are sent two the guests rooms in both films . )
both han ( enter the dragon ) and lewis 's henchman have a hand missing .
their is an underground drug operation in enter the dragon , believe it or not , there is one in game of death 2 .
han has a pet cat in enter the dragon , the director has used his imagination and awarded lewis with a pet monkey !
the list continues .
regarding other aspects of the film , such as the script and the acting , i felt it was very poor .
it seemed to me that the director was looking for a group of martial artists to star in the film and prayed they could act .
on a positive scale , i can not deny that the choreography is impressive .
although the fighting sequences have strong elements of acrobatics in them , they are none the less skillfully performed .
however , as the plot is insufficient , i could n't relate to the characters , therefore the fighting sequences were more exhibitions rather than having a meaning to the film .
in conclusion i would say this film is recommendable to any martial - arts fans , but for those who enjoy a solid action film , with a good storyline and strong characters , i seriously would n't recommend this film .
my opinions towards this film may seem very bias and one - sided , but when bruce lee set a new standard in the martial arts cinema , particularly after his masterpiece : enter the dragon , this film failed to rise to these standards .
if anything they imitated a truly brilliant martial - arts film , in hope of achieving the same level of fame .
in reference to my evaluation , awarding this film a very harsh 1 out of 10 , the film is barley watchable , and must be thankful that it had the fighting sequences it did .
i love b movies .. but come on ....
this was n't even worth a grade ...
the ending was dumb ...
there was no real ending!!! .. not to mention that it comes to life on its own ...
i mean no lighting storm or crazy demonic powers ? ?
slow as hell
and then they just start killing off the characters one by one in like a 15 min time period ...
and i wo n't even start on the part of the thing killing the one guy without its head ....
and then you do n't even get to see what jigsaw even does with his so called " new jigsaw
puzzle"
.... unless you have nothing better to do ...
id watch paint dry
before i d recommend this god - forsaken movie to anyone else ...
oh and to make it even better the other movie totem you can see the guy throwing the one creature in the basement scene from the window
.. that was funny as hell and probably the only good part of watching that waste of film
it just seems to run true to form , any movie starring dolph lundgren is bad !
i do n't know if it is the fact that the storyline in full of holes , or that dolph is such a bad actor .
no spoiler here , he seems to overdue the pushing and shoving and grabbing and touching thing in this movie .
in my opinion it is a wonder that some of these projects find venture capital to get in the can and to the theatre .
soulless milking of cash cow franchise .
generic superhero flick .
cgi showcase .
gavin hood 's " a series of improbable events .
combinatoric iteration of mutant fight scenes strung together by inane exposition justifying formation / dissolution of arbitrary alliances .
i 'm not expecting shakespeare here but the cliché per minute meter was off the charts :
primal scream while looking skyward and kneeling over murdered girlfriend .
renegade military commander .
predictable double crosses .
revenge sought for slain lover .
erased memories .
evil character discovering morality at last minute .
misguided failures to execute nemeses after defeating them in melee .
lover not really dead .
lover actually acting as spy for hero 's arch - nemesis .
girlfriend / spy actually falls for protagonist .
good people work for antagonist in order to save kidnapped family members .
evil mastermind fails to honor promises to reluctant employees .
kindly old couple care for weary hero and get murdered for their troubles .
certain deaths averted as third parties arrive on scene before coup de grace .
hero reluctantly joining secret government agency .
abandonment of elite squad in protest over slaughter of innocents .
scientists unable to control indestructible killing machine of their own creation .
outdated but lovable government ' secret weapon ' kills off better designed but heartless successor .
hero strolls away from wreck and casually lights a trail of gasoline behind him .
after everyone has given up , flatlined heart monitor picks up a pulse .
evil mastermind explains plans to hero he no longer sees as a threat .
hero refuses to kill defeated foe because he 's " better than that " .
transparent comic relief character makes hilarious understatements and offbeat comments .
cheerful psychopath revels in random murderous rampages .
nigh indestructible goliaths hurl one another through a series of walls and other physical traumas that would kill a mere mortal .
man dispatches dozens of gun wielding enemies with nothing but skillful swordplay .
common sense and the laws of physics , biology and chemistry temporarily abandoned .
antagonist using loved one 's murder as justification for misguided crusade .
i could go on but this is just exhausting .
if you 're over the age of twelve and not living in mom 's basement , there 's probably nothing here for you .
depressingly enough , it 's not too far off of par for superhero movies
so discount all i 've written if you ca n't get enough of the genre .
poor robert englund makes another flop and to the expense of tobe hooper who usually makes pretty good horror movies but he failed pretty bad at this one .
englund plays the well known marque de sade who in the 17th century was enprisoned for his obsession of pain and the pleasure of bringing pain upon himself as well as watching others also be in pain .
the story is so confusing with the flip flop from one century to another and i became confused as to what was going on and what was the purpose of this movie .
all i saw was a young lady that became entrapped by a strange lesbian who desides to keep her to herself and the young lady became fascinated by this arabian with alot of money and finds out that he 's out to have her killed and
then englund steps in from one century to another claiming to be a descendent of the de sade and tries to kill her because she reminded him of the madam momoselle(spelled that wrong ) or whoever it was in the picture above de sades wall .
the movie was terrible , i am surprised at hooper for hireing englund in this film and the special effects were so fake and laughable , especially the part about the eyes .
englund tries to make a comeback from his once hit move " nightmare on elm st. " by using these pull in and out needles to put out peoples eyes .
terrible , absolutely terrible .
given the history of the director of this movie , it is hard to believe that this was such a painfully bad movie to sit through .
i was at the european premiere last night and one of the executive producers was there .
he was yet to see the movie and , boy , was he in for a surprise .
i have not read the book that this is based upon , nor do i know if it highly rated or appreciated , but i have read " captain correlli 's mandolin " and given how poorly that was adapted for screen and how bad this movie was , i can only presume that something similar has happened here .
the acting was n't bad albeit that there were a couple - too - many raised eyebrows from farrell .
honestly , i ca n't believed how little i cared for any character in this movie .
situations play out on the screen in an empty sequence of nothingness .
donald sutherland 's part comprises a few scenes where he opens a door , says something and closes it again .
i kept looking at my watch when i was n't cringing at the dialogue on the screen .
i have never walked out on a movie
but i was tempted to start during this .
i gave this movie a score of ' 2 ' for reasons which seem horrendously shallow to me but these are the best things that i can say about this movie .
the first is that i really enjoyed the all - too - short earthquake scene and the second is that salma hayek got naked and looked beautiful .
i can say little else positive about this movie .
do n't ask the dust anything , it ca n't talk !
the story goes something like this : a small - town girl , katie ( jessica simpson ) , decides to visit her boyfriend in the big city .
when she arrives she discovers he is n't quite as faithful as he should be .
katie then ends up venturing into the adventure that is new york .
filling in as bike messenger comedic and charming mishaps ensues .
she falls into a hole in the ground and thus meets charismatic good - guy ben ( luke wilson ) .
it 's not love at first sight , at least for her , but destiny and ben , wo n't give up quite that easy .
being " just " a small - town girl and blonde a couple of evil executives at a building firm decides she 's the perfect scapegoat for their cunning plan .
misunderstandings with hilarious and sad consequences follow .
however , this is one blonde who wo n't take it lying down!people being judgmental of this film
will soon enough be proved wrong .
the jokes are confident and fitting , and the story well developed .
the relationship between katie and ben feels so natural that it puts anything godard has created to shame .
the multi - talented jessica simpson once again surprises with a strong role only she could pull off .
simpson really is the marilyn monroe of our day ( there 's even one scene honoring her ! ) .
she balances perfectly between vulnerable and whimsy .
katie really does show us that you ca n't judge a book by its cover !
luke wilson is as charming as ever .
even if he was covered in manure that man would be as appealing as anyone .
his light touch , puppy dog eyes and laid back manner makes it difficult to resist .
andy dick plays the role he was born to play , one of the two diabolical executives .
he really can not be underestimated .
the strength of the performance lies in his restraint .
it 's remarkable , because most actors would just run away with it and play it for cheap laughs .
not this guy !
in conclusion , director scott marshall has crafted an intelligent and frequently hilarious comedy that is destined to become a classic alongside masterpieces of cinema like epic movie and norbit .
kudos to everyone involved in this , especially jessica simpson .
her sincere smile and whole - hearted laughter would make even the toughest man break out in a big grin .
you may be tough , but you 're not that tough !
warmly recommended to everyone who wants to be swept off their feet and see a romantic comedy that for once , feels honest .
thank you for this film !
oh , and the soundtrack rocks !
now if you still have n't gotten it .
i 'm being sarcastic .
in 1972 , after his wife left to go her own way , elvis presley began dating linda thompson .
miss thompson , a good - humored , long haired , lovely , statuesque beauty queen , is charted to fill a void in elvis ' life .
when elvis ' divorce became final , linda was already in place as the legendary performer 's live - in girlfriend and travel companion until 1976.this is a gaudy look at their love affair and companionship .
linda whole - heartedly tending to her lover 's needs and desires .
and even putting up with his swallowing medications by the handful and introducing her to her own love affair with valium .
at times this movie is harsh and dark of heart ; a very unattractive look at the ' king ' and his queen .
don johnson is absolutely awful as elvis .
over acting to the hilt is not attractive .
stephanie zimbalist lacks the classiness of linda , but does the job pretty well .
supporting cast includes : john crawford , ruta lee , and rick lenz .
watching this twice is more than enough for me , but do n't let this review stop you from checking it out .
for most elvis fans that i have conferred with , this is not a favored presentation .
i used to have a fascination with the cartoon back in college when it was being made .
it had much the charm of " get smart " .
while it admittedly had its faults , it was rather enjoyable .
naturally i was very interested in seeing the film version .
that was before i saw it .
afterwords i wished it had never been made .
besides being miscast all around ( who on earth though broderick was even close to the role ? )
it just did n't make the grade .
the effects were reasonable and perhaps the only thing i liked about the movie ; seeing a live - action version of the gadgets in action !
what was missing was a story and treatment which made it funny or charming or interesting .
the original was a wacky cartoon with a very lighthearted attitude .
it was fun .
the motion picture became murky and took itself far too seriously .
if it had seriously had a great plot or went crazy enough to make it seem like a " cartoon on film
" it might have been enjoyable .
as it exists it does n't deserve to be considered part of the " gadget legacy " .
this film makes you really appreciate the invention of the fast forward button on your remote control .
it 's exquisite boredom in beautiful pictures .
for once hamilton goes relatively easy on soft focus shots .
however , what i found hard to take about the film was that although anja schüte was about 19 when it was shot the girls are portrayed as much younger than they actually are .
this whole lolita thing especially as there is an older man involved leaves me rather uneasy .
the heroine is actually shaved in the pubic area in order to make her look even younger than she is .
come on , sex is a nice past time- between consenting adults .
another thing i found odd was that neither beart nor schüte have a nude scene in the film , well , not a proper one at least .
this movie starts slow , then tapers off .
after watching for about an hour , and seeing absolutely nothing happen , i walked out .
i mean , nothing happened .
zero .
nada .
there is no story .
the characters are vague representations of the most boring people any of us know .
the producers of this film could be sued in a court of law if they try to sell it as a " motion " picture .
there is no motion .
i could have told the same " story " with a couple still pictures with captions .
the script is a joke .
it 's just awful .
i doubt that any script doctor in the world could save it .
my biggest regret is not that i wasted 60 minutes of my life watching " love
in the time of money " , but that i missed a great opportunity to be a leader .
i could have been the first to walk out , but i waited a bit too long .
instead , i watched about 20 people walk out before me .
a slick romanticizing of the sexual exploitation of neworleans black women by white men of power and privilege .
does that whet your appetite ?
well , then , belly up to a vhs or dvd and gorge on this gratuitous trolling through a seamy segment of history .
for good measure , it 's adapted from the book by celebrated hack anne rice .
the directing is as cloying and melodramatic as the cheesy dialog .
most of acting is amateurish .
the production 's sole worthwhile note is that it employed practically a dozen black actors , all of whom have scarcely been in employed in today 's market ( jasmine guy , ben vereen , pam grier , eartha kitt ) , including some faces that have barely been seen at all ( bianca lawson , rachel cuttrell ) .
it also is , despite itself , a sterling showcase for nicole lyn .
the pompous and ponderous james earl jones is on - hand as well .
so , is the late ossie davis , a minimal talent who owes his success to having been affiliated with the legendary negro ensemble company .
this film should be rated " t " for tripe .
watching this stinker constitutes cruel and unusal punishment at the hands of sandler .
truly a slow and painful death .
'bought the dvd in the $ 5.88 bin at wal mart .
but the thought that keeps echoing in my head is , " how can i get my money
back?"the most unforgivable thing about the movie is that the boat just does not sink!best constructive suggestion : mystery comedy theatre .
you know that show on the scifi channel in which some guy and his muppet - machines spoof the most unwatchable horror flicks ( mystery science theatre ) .
immediately , spin off a comedy program and feature this flick .
without a good humorous spoof of this train wreck , i fear that viewers may actually begin following sandler with ice picks and chainsaws .
i admit to liking a lot of the so - called " frat - pack " movies .
no matter how bad they are , i can find something to like about ben stiller or owen wilson or vince vaughn or
will ferrell or jack black .
but " envy " just left me about as cold as the white horse that ben disposed of .
this time , it 's ben and jack black as a couple of nutty neighbors , one of whom ( black ) discovers a aerosol spray to make animal poop disappear and becomes incredibly wealthy while the other ( stiller ) writhes in envy .
that 's supposedly the plot , but then it veers off in other directions that do n't really make much sense .
i guess the ' vapoorize ' thing is sort of amusing at first .
the problem is , they try to sustain the gag for the whole picture ( black has a license plate that reads ' caca king ' )
and it gets fairly tiresome .
but even ben and jack are used poorly ; the energy level for both of their performances seems significantly dialed down .
the two best performances by far are rachel weisz and chris walken .
walken 's neo - hippie - dippie guy is so offbeat and so well - modulated a performance that it really never suggests any of walken 's other familiar nutcase characters .
it 's completely unique , yet comes across as unmistakably walken .
and weisz is about the best actress in the business that nobody knows about .
even with limited screen time , she still dominates every scene she 's in .
the whole crux of the so - called drama is that ben , in a jealous drunken stupor , accidentally shoots jack 's prize white stallion , and then goes to ridiculous lengths to cover it up , fearing his best friend will find out and cut him dead .
but the plot twist is n't believable because there 's nothing about jack 's character to indicate that he would do such a thing .
he plays such a sweet guy that it renders the whole excruciating horse chase null and void .
you discount it completely .
it 's all filler .
and what 's the point of the out - of - control merry - go - round , except that barry levinson wants us to know that he 's seen " strangers on a train " ?
the screenplay is painfully bad and the acting of the two leads poorly directed .
someone with levinson 's track record should know better .
maybe someone will invent something to make this film disappear .
oh , wait , they already have .
my god this movie is awfully boring .
i am a big fan of gina gershon , when i rented this movie i expected a romantic drama , and some great performance from gershon .
gershon is great as always , but she is not right actress for this role , she is too good for rade serbedzija .
the romance between gershon and serbedzija 's characters is too unconvincing .
and i absolutely hated serbedzija 's character ( a wonman organizer ) , he is not charming in anyway in the movie .
how did dr. lauren graham ( gershon ) is beyond my comprehension .
maybe sean connery , robert deniro or harrison ford would have done a better job on this role , but they do n't have the european - ish looking i guess .
any way , i was so bored druing the movie .
if you are looking for a good gina gershon movie , check out bound , her best film so far .
if you are looking for a romantic film about a younger woman and an older man , try some harrison ford or sean connery movies .
gina gershon is so underrated , and she deserves better chance than this
, i wish her to make better choice in the future .
watching smother was perhaps the longest not - quite-90-minutes of my life .
there was n't a laugh to be had ; in fact , i do n't remember ever cracking a smile .
diane keaton was horridly unfunny as a middle - aged chain - smoking dog hoarder , the textbook overbearing mother character , a relentlessly irritating woman who clearly suffers from some kind of personality disorder .
she is manipulative , conniving , melodramatic , childish , narcissistic , and worst of all , boring .
i suppose i should briefly mention the other characters , but why bother ?
it was just a long string of movie clichés -- the dippy , socially inept distant relative who 's just trying to break into " the industry " , the gruff and long - suffering but somehow still lovable father ,
the mild- mannered wife who just ca n't take it anymore ( but eventually moves beyond the discord and resignedly comes home ) , the herd of unhousebroken dogs who like to chew throw pillows while everyone is away , etc .
god , what a snore .
i 've never been a diane keaton fan and smother only reminded me why .
overacting is overacting , no matter how many pictures you did in your prime .
her attempts at physical comedy were especially humiliating .
what was the director thinking?while
i like dax shepard and can even sometimes tolerate liv tyler
, their performances were so lackluster and dull that it was clear that neither actor gave a damn about this movie .
that was okay , because neither did i. keaton 's endless self - absorbed prattling was intolerable and at times shepard 's dislike for her seemed genuine .
by the end of the movie i wanted to slap her myself .
awful .
the sight of kareena kapoor in a two - piece bikini is about the only thing that wakes you up from your sleep while watching tashan 
the mega - disappointing , mind - numbing new film at the cinemas this weekend .
bad films are bad films and we see some every week , but tashan is not just a bad film , it 's a terrible film .
terrible because it takes its audience for granted , terrible also because the filmmakers expect to get away without a plot or any common sense only because they 've got big movie stars onboard .
written and directed by vijay krishna acharya , tashan is what you 'd describe as a road movie , but one that 's going in all the wrong directions .
saif ali khan stars as jimmy cliff , a call - centre executive who 's hired to teach english to bhaiyyaji - that 's anil kapoor playing an ambitious up gangster , desperate to go cool .
jimmy 's got his eye on pooja , the gangster 's pretty young assistant ( played by kareena kapoor ) , who uses jimmy to swindle her boss of 25 crore rupees .
determined to recover his money and also to punish both jimmy and pooja , bhaiyyaji recruits his most trusted henchman to do the job .
so you have akshay kumar as bachchan pandey , the gangster 's faithful aide from kanpur , who tracks down the culprits and recovers the stolen money that 's hidden across the length and breadth of the country .
much like those bad eighties potboilers , tashan too is held together by a threadbare script centred on a vendetta plot .
but the treatment 's so over - the - top , so indulgent that it fails to establish any connect .
instead of a coherent screenplay or a traditional three - act structure , you get a handful of set pieces around which most of the scenes are loosely constructed .
that garish item song in the desert , the bullet - dodging action scene at a rajasthani fort , kareeena 's bikini moment , even that ridiculous climatic action scene complete with shaolin monks , a water scooter zipping through a dirty naala , and believe it or not , even a dhanno - style horse - driven tonga .
in all fairness , not all these set pieces are badly done - the item song in the desert is quite neat actually - but very little of it makes any sense in the larger picture , because you 're just going from one piece to another without any help from the script really .
little do you expect in a seemingly fast - paced road movie , to find a sickeningly sentimental flashback track about childhood sweethearts .
you see the problem with tashan is
nobody associated with this film knew what film they were making .
what 's more , i do n't think they cared either - the film reeks of arrogance .
arbitrarily packing in elements of every genre without actually bothering to stop and see if the mix does work , tashan is like an overcooked stew .
there are films that kill you softly , and then there 's tashan , a film that kills you with excess .
packaged snazzily with glossy - finish camera - work , exotic locations and fancy costumes , every frame of the film probably cost lakhs to put together , but it still feels like a hollow piece in the end because the story does n't hold .
borrowing narrative from tarantino and style from stephen chow does n't help either because they do n't blend with the film 's wafer - thin plot .
one may have complained a little less if the characters were more engaging , but anil kapoor 's grating hinglish dialogue makes you want to slit your wrists , and saif ali khan fumbles through the film foolishly , unable to find his feet .
kareena kapoor , meanwhile , queen of over - the - top delivery , does a decent job .
but of course , if tashan is salvaged to some extent , it 's thanks to akshay kumar 's irresistible presence and his spontaneous approach to the character .
you cringe when he 's cupping his crotch repeatedly , and you scowl when he delivers those double - meaning dialogues , but not for a moment can you take your eyes off the screen when he 's up there .
despite some good music from vishal - shekhar , the songs seem like they 're only prolonging your misery .
well that 's because tashan is a test of your patience .
in case you did n't know , tashan means style .
i 'm sorry to say , this film has none .
do n't get me wrong , this is a terrible , clichéd film , but it is a delight for fans of olivia hussey - quite possibly the most intoxicating beauty ever to grace the silver screen .
one poster stated that she was unpleasant to look at -
i wonder what his ideal woman looks like - paris hil - slut ?
blockbuster should really establish a sub - genre to this type of film , as the fatal attraction plot has become a genre unto itself .
when will blockbuster adopt the " adultry " section ?
it will fit in quite nicely between the drama and action sections , right ?
this film revolves around olivia hussey , who spends a night of passion with an unstable yacht owner who may have murdered his ex - wife , who looks remarkably like ms. hussey .
this ne'er - do - well proceeds to stalk olivia and thus make her life a living - hell .
i like olivia hussey , but i have no sympathy for characters in movies that cheat on their spouses , so i really was n't rooting for olivia to make it out o this stinker alive .
violence :
( there is a smattering of violence in the film .
don murray and anthony john denison get involved in a fisticuffs when denison says that he will not stop seeing olivia , murray 's wife , because she is just too good in bed .
olivia also gets to handle a shooter and might get to squeeze off a round - i 'll let you watch).nudity :
$ $ ( olivia is the queen of brief nudity and supplies a little here .
she has a love scene with anthony john denison and also has a shower scene - shot at a distance).story :
( we 've seen this plot before - a hundred times over , and oftentimes done much better .
the true culprit , when trying to decipher why this film was a dud , is william riead .
the man 's dialogue is sophomoric and moronic .
the man has no story - telling abilities and fails to build believable human reactions to the plot .
these people , of the upper strata of society , talk like middle school kids - with a habit of sleeping during english class .
i have placed riead on the never - to - be - viewed
- again list).acting :
$ $ $ (
the acting was n't " phoned - in " as the insiders say , but was hindered a great deal by riead 's juvenile script .
olivia hussey resorts to calling anthony jonh denison " weird " and " crazy " to his face when he begins to stalk her .
hussey , who is still beautiful , delivers the best performance here
but denison was equal to the task of portraying a demented , love - crazed stalker .
don murray was basically just there - his character not fleshed out , and edward asner , a terrific actor when given something with substance , is ill - used in this film ) .
let me be clear .
i 've used imdb for years .
but only today i went through the trouble of registering on the site , just so i could give this movie the lowest possible rating .
i 've seen hundreds of films , some of them bad , a few awful .
never , though , have i seen such a contrast of pretense and incompetence , of high intentions and failure .
mira sorvino is horribly cast as the princess , but entirely unbelievable as phocion , a young boy .
fiona shaw is always an entertaining character , but the dialogue in the film is much worse , even , than in the insipid french play that is the source ( marivaux never reached hollywood until now , and we should keep it that way).to illustrate , for example , that leontine is a brilliant , passionate philosopher and scientist
, she is shown frantically pouring chemicals from beaker to beaker , shouting out names of famous scientists .
and the romance between agis and the princess is played even sillier .
for this , the pair should receive a joint ' clair danes ' award , which in a just world would be awarded for gratuitously anachronistic and uninspired re - interpretation of interesting teens from literature as brats of the 1990 's ( see miss danes in les miserables).aside from the atrocious plot and dialogue , there are some attempts to introduce artistic tropes into the filming .
for example , there are moments when a handful of spectators are faded in and out of view of the action , sitting in chairs , watching the principal characters .
the director wants us to realize she 's adapted a play .
i get it .
but it does n't happen at all until far into the film .
at that point , seeing a crowd of people sitting in chairs for a moment , then disappearing , is creepy and distracting .
they 're like some sort of un - scary zombie crowd , appearing through the mists , filling us with dread .
when you see the horrible frolic and song that ends this movie , you 'll want to rouse your own crowd of zombies and kill them all for the grave injustise of poisoning your mind for 112 minutes.-matthew mcguire
i saw this movie twice .
i ca n't believe pintilie made such a fantasy movie .
i 'm also a movie / theatre director
and i know what i speak .
this is not romania anymore , but i see the events are happening in the same period with the incident from 11 september .
no story , no plot , nothing .
no conclusion , no message , nothing profound , nothing hidden .
just empty images .
what most of romanians do n't know , this movie is for the french viewers , not for us .
they really believe that is the reality in romania .
also for teenagers .
pintilie should stop making movies .
i do n't really know if we can call this a movie , maybe a horror :)
and we wonder why we 've got such an image in europe .
this was a reality , but is n't anymore .
a good friend of mine from the brithish embassy said : " you have no idea what a long way romanian people walked from ceausescu " .
john huston 's wise blood was a more horrifying misrepresentation of flannery o'connor 's book than i could have imagined .
from the utterly terrible acting performances ( and do n't you , " oh that was done on purpose , you just do n't get it " me ! )
to the musical score that was more suited to an episode of rockford files , this film was revolting .
i viewed it with no ill - will at the outset , and , in fact , expected a pleasant experience .
but the misrepresentation of the southern characters , from the ridiculously fraudulent southern drawl to the lilting , comedic way their faith was portrayed , was inexcusable .
right down to it 's end , which was completely devoid of any character sentiment , it failed in every place that o'connor 's book shined and resonated .
the actors portraying the " southern " policemen may as well have been eating smothered hot - dogs from nyc street stands and quoting godfather .
the one redeeming acting performance was ned beatty 's lively and dead - on representation of hoover shoates , a religious con - artist who hears moates preaching the church of christ without christ and sees dollar signs and business opportunities .
o'connor 's powerful book is most well - known for it 's creepy , religious undercurrent that jibes the seemingly lifeless cadaver of " faith " .
mr. huston 's film is a shameful mockery of the author 's intentions , as they are understood by me and most of her fans , if i may be so bold as to say so .
while i acknowledge that i ca n't know exactly what the author wished to convey , i have enough affection for her and her works to desire to remain a fan .
if i viewed wise blood the way mr. huston apparently did , i would have thrown it in the trash .
for flannery 's sake , and mine , i forgive you , john huston .
the forgetting .... that will take some time .
i was n't really fond of the first " cube " movie .
it was a good idea , but the annoying acting and characters always kept me from liking it too much .
did n't really feel the need to see its sequel
but when i heard they were making a third movie that would act as more of a prequel to the original .
i was intrigued , thinking that maybe they would fix some of the original 's problems and provide us with a memorable cast of characters .
well i thought wrong .
zero " starts well enough by introducing us with the two characters in charge of watching and maintaining the never - ending maze of traps that plagues the people in the cube .
the filmmakers succeed in providing a sense of mystery with the establishment of the two men 's daily routine .
several questions are created from it , concerning the reason why people are send there and also the true nature of the ones who run the entire operation .
all of which are left entirely to the viewer .
the acting was a bit weak but all in all the movie 's first half moved relatively well .
with the story moving on , one of the two " watchers " begins to develop serious doubts about what he is doing .
and later decides to go and help a group of the people trapped .
here is where everything rapidly starts to dissolve into dull cheese .
sent by the people who run the cube program we are introduced to the character " jax " .
along with his two underlings play a major reason as to why this movie is failure .
to start of " jax " looks and talks more like a third rate villain taken directly from a james bond movie complete with the ever " popular " glass eye , that alone ruins any atmosphere created by the first half 's relatively nice pace .
what s more is that it begins to feel more like a comedy rather than a serious movie .
with some incredibly corny lines , perhaps the screenwriter got bored and did n't care .
the acting itself degrades to a further low when the former " watcher " meets the group in the cube .
the entire interaction is painful to watch as is everything else following it .
again failing to impress on anything but weak characters , dialog and acting " cube zero " is a waste of time for those searching for a good horror movie .
hey , if your going to make a documentary about leonard cohen try making it about leonard cohen !
this is filled with only enough leonard to anger the viewer who will be left wondering why they are listening to all these other singers ( some of them questionable ) talk about themselves .
puleeze ....
sounds like them reliving their diary entries in junior high - who cares about you , what about leonard ?
guess what people , if you " do something " worthy maybe someone will make a documentary about you .
i found particularly insulting the parading of u2 's members as if that would add credibility to this movie - not .
leonard does n't need bono or the edge talking about his spirituality .
what would have been nice would have been for the filmmakers to embody some piece of his spirituality through the film .
gee , what a concept !
i will give props to rufus wainwright and jarvis cocker for their covers of cohen tunes - the rest of the performances were a bore and some were unbearable .
cohen fans , do n't say i did n't warn you !
lois weber , self proclaimed missionary via the cinema , wrote , directed and produced other films on controversial subjects , but this may be the first to get wide viewing , thanks to tcm .
this film is her indictment of abortion , but she cleverly muddles the issue by bringing in eugenics and birth control , leaving the impression that they are somehow equivalent to abortion .
her talent in writing and the other cinematic skills are well displayed here , but one may be forgiven for wishing she had used them less didactically .
if you have wondered what tyrone power , jr. 's " famous father " looked like , here is your chance .
1916 fashions and automobiles are also on display to add to the interest of this museum piece .
it 's enjoyable even if you do n't appreciate the propaganda .
good performances ca n't save this terrible script , larded with every cliche in the chick - flick book .
both main characters are deeply unsympathetic , and the scene where laura linney 's character reminisces about sex with her dead husband in front of her teenage son -- which i think is supposed to be poignant -- is just horrifying .
with this movie only running 61 minutes and nothing all that good on television , i decided to pop revolt of the zombies into the dvd to pass the time .
even while realizing the era from which it was coming , i was sorely disappointed .
it started with the oddly upbeat quality of the opening score ( what - no brooding music ? )
and then the rather slow moving opening sequences .
gosh , i figured a movie about zombies - even from the 1930s - would have some chills to it ( white zombie , with bela lugosi , certainly did )
but this had none .
zero .
it was scarcely even dramatic ( except for the few moments with the burning eyes superimposed on the film to indicate the mesmerization of someone ) .
like the equally dull king of the zombies , this movie may be an interesting curiosity to own , but nothing more .
i have to say i hated this movie .
i do n't like to say that because gerard butler is in it .
about a half an hour of boring conversation , sorry to all who actually care about the plot , i started fast - forwarding to gerry 's scenes .
i really do n't know the ending , i was that bored with it .
if gerry was n't in it , i probably either done one of two things : fell asleep or turned it off , but gerry is the bright light of this movie , as he is with most of his earlier movies .
if you 're a fan of gerry 's do n't worry , he 's as adorable and precious as he always is , but if you actually want to watch the movie for the plot , good luck because you 'll need it , either that or lots of coffee or soda to keep you awake !
4/10 ...
and that 's just because the casting director had the sense to put gerry in this movie , even though they had no idea of how to spell his name !
valentine is a horrible movie .
this is what i thought of it : acting : very bad .
katherine heigl can not act .
the other 's were n't much better .
story :
the story was okay , but it could have been more developed .
this movie had the potential to be a great movie , but it failed .
music :
yes , some of the music was pretty cool .
originality :
not very original .
the name ` paige prescott ' recognize prescott?bottom
: do n't see valentine .
it 's a really stupid movie.1/10
this review may contain some spoilers .
the remake of the classic 1974 car chase movie gone in 60 seconds begins well .
actually it is well acted and the plot moves quite well .
but even a big hollywood budget does n't change the fact that the original plot was more believable .
for those who do n't know , the original plot had the thieves working as insurance inspectors .
who would suspect them .
but even with a change to nearly every aspect of h.b. halicki 's original , the remake is a very good movie , until we get to the final chase scene , the part of the 74 version that made it great .
the one in this version is watered down , only 10 minutes , and it culminates in a monster special effect that takes all believability out of the chase .
where the original chase was very believable , the star was a stunt driver who did all his own stunt , the remake falls flat in the last 15 minutes .
my advice , if you want to watch a classic car chase film , fine the original in the bargain bin at your local rental joint and stay clear of the new remake .
well , i had to sit down at the computer and write down the review immediately after watching this puddle of ooze .
because i have to let it be known to all of you just how bad this movie is .
it 's unbelievably bad .
just to let you in on how bad it is , i 'll offer this little detail about the movie .
during scenes of mayhem , which usually consists of people shooting or kicking zombies , they intercut scenes from the video game .
yes , you heard me right .
this movie really sucks .
in fact , it makes me think about the fact that it costs ten dollars these days just to get into the theaters these days .
and to see corn filled crap like this ?
there is no story to speak of and the movie basically has nothing to offer other than the occasional boob shot and really cheap kills .
i 'm really disappointed with this , knowing that i watched it .
ok , i 'm dumbstruck .
it 's so bad i ca n't even find the words .
rating : zero out of
* * * * * .
i grew up watching the original tv series in the sixties and one thing that i can tell you right away , there is no comparison .
this film was totally ridiculous with a flying suit that was alive .
a martian that took different shapes .
special effects that looked like something that a little child would create .
in contrast , in the original , characters were developed and the viewers developed a feeling for tim and uncle martin .
the only highlight in this film , yes , actually there was one , occurred when ray walston finally made an appearance at the end .
he wore dark glasses and made references to living on this planet for 30 years as a sort of homage to the tv series .
but even the real uncle martin could not save this turkey .
i 'm sorry , but even tj hooker 's adrian zmed could n't save this sequel .
i went through half the movie thinking that this was a spoof of the original .
then came that wild and wacky motorcycle scene ( notice that this is the only movie that patricia birch directs ) ; and i sadly realized they were trying to be serious .
i did get a kick out of the fact that the opposing gang , having lost their " wheels " due to their gambling habits in the original grease , were forced to use motorcycles in the second movie .
being shamed by that putz character carrington , i 'd hate to see what they would resort to later : maybe mopeds?i also never bought the hackneyed theme : hunky - australian - boy - can't - fit - into - outsiders - dominated - school - ergo - goes - for -tough - guy - with - stupid - biker - helmet - look .
it was disney story gone horribly awry .
so , it looks like you can ruin a good thing by placing a bubble - gum smacking michelle pfeiffer in a musical .
the only thing i took away from this movie was an idea of how many points out of ten to give it .
what did i just watch ?
i spent 90 minutes of my precious life watching one of the dumbest movies i 've ever seen .
the concept of a serial killer clown is actually quite scary seeing is there are a lot of people who are afraid of clowns .... but having it be a 300 pound nursery rhyme reciting killer clown makes a mockery of the genre .
i still am wondering how the character mark was n't able to run away from the clown ...
he 's 300 pounds , he 's got ta get tired eventually .
the whole ending made me get up and literally say aloud " what did i just watch ? "
apparently brandon is denise 's cousin ....
and they had got it on near the middle of the movie meaning he had sex with his cousin .....
that 's something people want
so see
* shudders*.another thing i found hilariously stupid was the opening scene where the clown stabs a woman
and she says " what did you do ?
well bytch , what do you think he just did ?
the last thing that was stupidly funny was one second the main character was slapping the hitch - hiker and calling her a c*nt and then 5 minutes later saying violence is n't helping anything ....
did the writer of the script give the line to the wrong guy ?
none of this movie makes sense anyway .
the movie was more or less a dumb low budget porno which i got sucked into buying ( all 3.99)and got no entertainment out of it besides the sex scenes .
i 'm surprised the fat clown did n't join the orgy , would have fit right in .
i hoped the movie would have some entertainment value like other b movies might have , but i was wrong .
this is a moronic piece of garbage that 's not even worth watching.1 out of 10
this show was laughably bad .
the writing sucked , the dialog sucked .
the guy who played craig could n't act his way out of a paper sack .
being it was on thursday night , this was definitely great to watch with some beers .
cool music , bad acting , poor writing , all came together for my entertainment .
it was a drama / unintentional comedy .
i do n't care what happened to any of the characters , they were all boring and stupid .
the first five episodes were the worst , since they could n't reveal who the victim was , they had to write the dialog around it , which was terrible .
i mean , the eulogy at the funeral was ridiculous .
actually , all the scenes that occurred in the present were utterly horrible .
so , let 's review .
everything happening in present time sucked .
the flashback scenes , only the writing , dialog and craig 's acting sucked .
the music ruled though .
on the surface , " show me
the money " should have at least finished a full season .
you had the always entertaining william shatner as your host , surrounded by a baker 's dozen of beautiful leggy models collectively called " the million dollar dancers .
" you had knowledgeable contestants who had interesting stories to tell of their lives and who presumably knew a lot of pop culture trivia .
and you had big money !
so , what went wrong ?
the format of this game was the failure .
a good game show needs at least two of three things : very simple rules , exciting pacing and the ability for the viewer to play along at home .
the best , most enduring ones have all three .
unfortunately , smtm had none .
the rules for this game were among the most complex of any prime time game show in history .
let me try to explain how the game worked , as briefly as possible .
a contestant began with a single word or short phrase followed by the choice letters a , b , c ( subtle plug for the network ? ) .
each letter was connected to a separate question , all starting with that word or phrase .
once a contestant chose one of the letters , they could either answer that question or pass and select a second letter .
if they passed , they got to view the next question , and had the same option .
however , if they passed the second question , they were required to answer the third option .
after they answered and before they found out if their answer was correct , they then had to select one of the 13 dancers on stage , each with a different amount of money in a scroll by their side .
they revealed their dollar amount ( ranging from $ 20,000 to $ 250,000 ) and depending on if the contestant answered right ... or answered wrong ... that amount would be added to or subtracted from their pot .
still with me so far ?
in addition , there was one dancer who held something known as " the killer card .
" if you selected the dancer with the killer card and you had gotten your question right , you were safe , and the game continued .
if , however , you were incorrect , you had one final question to answer .
if you got that final question wrong , you were out of the game .
if you got it right , then , the game continued .
there was no quitting , no walking away with the money earned until you either answered six questions correctly or got six questions wrong
or you were so far in the hole
you could n't earn enough money to get back out .
got it ?
okay !
the biggest problem , as i saw it , was a complete lack of tension , because of the design of the game .
a contestant could pass questions they knew they did n't know , and answer many questions they did know , making the pressure even less .
then , they could still find a low dollar amount , even after knowingly missing a question , which meant there still was n't any " drama . "
and the fact that they could answer five questions wrong and still have a chance to win was a big mistake .
and the pacing of the questions was deadly slow
: often the questions were so obvious , it was ridiculous to try to create tension , as if there was any doubt about some of the most common answers .
the pacing , the lack of any real tension at any point during the show and those very complicated rules prevented this program from working , despite shatner 's terpsichorean talents .
beyond the fact crazy people exist and there are religious nuts out there .
the characters basically make no sense most of the time .
the film has no real beginning , middle or ending , nor is anything ever explained much .
the film opens with a young man , with the unlikely name of hazel motes , apparently returning from a stint in the army .
he hitches a ride to a two story house that is in extreme disrepair , windows boarded over .
he goes in the house , walks around and finally writes a note that he leaves there .
this scene comes to nothing , and we learn nothing further about the house or its history .
it is never explained exactly whose house this is , or where the people have gone , but we are given the impression hazel has probably lived there at one time .
hazel decides to go to a city .
why - we do n't know .
once he arrives in this city he writes down a name & address that he sees on a bathroom wall , and goes to visit this woman , who is a surprisingly fat hooker .
he sees her for awhile and then he apparently is n't seeing her anymore .
like everything else in this movie , it comes to nothing and serves no purpose .
a young man named enoch , tries to befriend him , but hazel really is n't interested , although they keep crossing paths .
enoch is about as crazy as you can get .
one of his habits is to go to the zoo and stand in front of the cage where the chimps are and talk at them insultingly .
we never really know why enoch behaves as he does , or why hazel behaves as he does , beyond the fact hazel had an overdose of old time scary , fundamentalist religion via his grandfather .
enoch later becomes enthralled with a man who dresses in a gorilla suit , and manages to get the gorilla suit from him and then runs around in it .
hazel , who is wound rather tight and seems to be in a constant borderline rage does a bit of street preaching .
i got the impression he was trying to free himself from the untruths of the religion that had been drilled into him .
he has several encounters with a preacher and his daughter , although their interactions never really make any particular point , and there is no plot line .
eventually hazel succumbs to complete religious fervor and begins self - harming .
it is a very odd film .
interesting in it 's oddness but other than that it has absolutely nothing going for it .
the cast does an outstanding job , but this film completely fails to deliver either a point of view or a storyline .
the film also has the characters tossing around the n word from time to time with no connection to the rest of the dialog.2 stars
i´m not surprised that even cowgirls get the blues if this movie is anything to go by .
i expected something better from uma thurman , which was the reason i suffered my way through this experience in the first place .
an awful film with only the music as a redeeming quality .
just a shame that we are incapable of giving 0 out of 10 in these reviews .
this movie deserves it .
" the fallen ones " falls under the waste of life ( wol ) category .
i am sad that i am now two hours older was not entertained .
my other family members also watched this movie and threw demeaning comments at the screen and rooted for the mummy .
i felt sorry for the actors ( wagner ) .
i have read other negative reviews and can not add anything else to this movie other than it could be reduced to 25 minutes so it could take a 30 minute slot on tv without any loss of plot .
it reminds me of a dish that has several good ingredients but when served is bland with no flavor at all .
in my humble opinion , the 42 foot mummy should have been 8 - 10 feet and improved the plot by taking out the mystic and replacing him with several people who want to denigh the facts and want dna samples for evil reasons .
the heroes are discredited and tossed on there ear by their colleges .
later after everything was screwed up by the evil people .
the heroes would save the day and prove everyone wrong .
one would think ( as i did ) , that with steve martin , goldie hawn , and john cleese , a movie should be , at the very least , decent .
these stars ( especially martin and cleese ) have produced some of the funniest works of comedy of all time .
well , apparently i was grossly mistaken -- this is single - handedly one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
it boggles my mind how one joke after the other can be so profoundly unfunny .
it pained me to watch these talented actors execute one of the most positively lame scripts i have had the misfortune to come across .
based solely on the big names , i remained hopeful for a long time through the duration of the film , but it consistently failed to provide any entertainment whatsoever .
normally , both with movies and in life , i try to stay away from biased comments and broad generalizations .
but with this film , it 's hard not to let loose .
i can count on one hand , perhaps even two or three fingers , major hollywood productions that left me more bitter than this .
this is easily one of the worst comedies ever made .
i tried to enjoy this --- i really did .
but the out - of - towners ultimately fails miserably .
if you really want time - efficient entertainment , just take your money and watch it swirl as you flush it down the toilet .
just please do n't watch this movie .
i am 13 and i hated this film its the worst film on earth
i totally wasted my time watching it and was disappointed with it cause on the cover and on the back
the film it looks pretty good ,
but i was wrong its bad .
but when i saw delta she was totally different and a bad actress and i really did n't know how old the 2 girls was trying to be
i was so confused .
the film was in some parts confusing
and i did n't enjoy it at all
but i watched all the film just to see if it was going to get better
but it did n't
, it was boring , dull and
did i say boring.and
i do n't think many other people liked it as well as me.boring boring boring
in the recent movement to bring asian films over to america , this is the last movie that should be released here .
being a big fan of asian movies from all genres , i was browsing the net and came across this soong to be re - released
into the us market so i decided to check it out ahead of time and rent this at a local video store .
trust me ...
the action scenes are incredibly disappointing , crouching tiger and iron monkey completely blew this movie out of the water .
jet li would fall asleep watching the fighting sequences .
if you 're looking for martial arts entertainment , your time would be better off with a jackie chan flick!!!moreover ...
you think you 're going to watch a martial arts with about a girl engulfed in vengence for her parents death but surprise ! ! !
a good hour of this movie in the middle has is filled with dialogue , an absense of action , the lack of devloping a tangent plot , pretty much nothing to do with the premise we are exposed to .
it has more to do with the relationship between her and the boy , and the boy with his conspiracy group in which the producer / director dedicated no time in elbaorating , and yet dedicated a portion of the film dragging the issue .
would of been much better off if they had just cut that whole hour and developed the story in itself through another film and focus on the martial arts aspect .
speaking of which , i really do n't believe the choreographer of iron monkey , did the action sequence in princess blade .
i was completely insulted in the frequent usage of slow motion and quick camera changes to portray the assassins physical swiftness .
i just did n't buy it .
please ...
i'm warning you to please do not waste your time / money with this movie .
the premise is intrigueing , and the trailer might even tempt you but i am positive that this movie is not suited for the public ( maybe in japan but not in the states ) and will be the worst film brought over to the states from the asian film industry .
i 'm a great admirer of lon chaney , but the screen writing of this movie just did not work for me .
the story jumps around oddly ( i 've since learned that the film is missing a section ) , and characters appear and disappear with irritating suddenness .
some of the intertitles are overly explanatory ( e.g. , " why , you 're not a child anymore!"--cut back to picture for a long , slow beat--"you're a woman ! "
yes , we got it the first time )
but there are a few talking sequences that beg for explanations that never appear .
( let 's hear luigi and his blond girlfriend 's argument , please ! )
the plot , which involves incestuous desires ( figuratively if not technically ) was disturbing to the point that it was hard to watch .
to the writer 's credit , this issue was treated as a problem , and a may - december match is not portrayed as the right - and - good inevitability of some mary pickford films ( e.g. , " daddy - long - legs " ) .
chaney gives a good performance , as usual , but i think he has been better - directed in the past -- he overdid it a few times here , imho .
i did enjoy the clown sequences , and was very impressed at the stunts .
loretta young was charming , though astonishingly young .
the film has its moments , but so far , it 's my least - favorite chaney picture .
i can not believe that they managed to spend us$ 17million on this film .
spectacularly bad acting , egregious scripting and effects that you could do on your average pc , unbelievable plot contrivances ...
a reporter who can get an inexperienced stewardess a major job at the un ?
what ?
not only that , but the message of this film is so unsubtle that you come out feeling as if they 've tried to batter you over the head with a full size crucifix .
all this movie will do will preach to the choir and make everyone else laugh at such a ridiculous waste of money .
if the makers of this film really wanted to sway people to christianity and show what it means to truly believe , they would have used the money to help people truly in need .
now , /that/ might have swayed some people into actually listening to them .
this movie was horrible .
i could barely stay awake through it .
i would never see this movie again if i were payed to .
the so - called horror scenes in it were increadably predictable and over played .
there was really nothing about this movie that would have made it original or worth the $ 7.50 i payed to see it .
do n't go see it
, do n't rent it , do n't read about it online because any of these things would be a complete waste of your time .
sarah michelle geller gave a lackluster performance and really should be ashamed of herself for sullying her good name with this movie .
shame on you sarah for being associated with this horrible , horrible movie .
horrible movie , no need to ever see it .
this was the worst movie i saw at worldfest
and it also received the least amount of applause afterwards !
i can only think it is receiving such recognition based on the amount of known actors in the film .
it 's great to see j.beals
but she 's only in the movie for a few minutes .
m.parker is a much better actress than the part allowed for .
the rest of the acting is hard to judge because the movie is so ridiculous and predictable .
the main character is totally unsympathetic and therefore a bore to watch .
there is no real emotional depth to the story .
a movie revolving about an actor who ca n't get work does n't feel very original to me .
nor does the development of the cop .
it feels like one of many straight - to - video movies i saw back in the 90s ...
and not even a good one in those standards .
i was really disappointed in this movie .
those that voted this thing a 10 have a screw lose .
the acting was ok , kinda wooden and cardboard .
the ending was sorry .
i just did n't care for this at all .
no way could i recommend this mess .
as a true elvis fan , this movie is a total embarrasment and the script is a disaster .
the movie opens with the beautiful son " stay away " and the scenery of the grand canyon gives the viewer hope of something special .
elvis gets in the picture and his talent is wasted big time , especially on the rest of the featured songs .
i sat through this movie twice , just to make sure it is a piece of junk ! !
out of 10 ! ! !
certainly not horrible , but definitely not good .
cry , the beloved country ( 1995 ) was directed by darrell roodt and written for the screen by ronald harwood
( adapted from the 1946 novel by alan paton ) .
starring james earl jones and richard harris .
the film is about pre - apartheid south africa , and the stories of a black man and a white man intertwining .
the pious but naive preacher stephen kumalo ( james earl jones ) receives a letter from johannesburg saying that he must come immediately ; he later finds that his son has killed a man .
the rich farmer / landowner james jarvis ( richard harris ) finds that his son , a fighter for black rights , was the one killed by kumalo 's son .
in this they connect .
i can not compare it to the 1951 film of the same name , for i have not seen it .
or the 1974 musical titled lost in the stars for i have also not seen it ; both look better than this one .
but cry freedom , on the other hand , i have seen ; it has a much more urgent air to it , like it actually is trying to say something where the film cry , the beloved country seems to have no idea where it is going .
very " wishy - washy " .
i refuse to compare the film to the novel ( except that i did enjoy the novel more than i enjoyed the film ) because novels and films are two extremely different media and there is no point in trying to transfer directly one to the other or compare them via the same means .
frankly , this movie blew .
well , i guess it was n't that bad , --five - out - of - ten , -- but it was n't that good either .
both of the leads , both very capable actors pull some of the most wooden performances i have seen with some of the most awkward dialogue in film history ( but that can be blamed on he screenwriter , ronald harwood , who is also oddly off is game with this film , having also written the sublime the pianist , and being julia ) .
among other things the point and themes of the novel are lost almost entirely in its transition to film for the third time ; there is little , if any , tension with any moment of the film , racially or suspensefully .
the music does n't help .
the painfully misplaced and boringly pastoral orchestra tracks really help with this dulling down of the film .
one upside is the cinematography , with many rather good or great shots , but unfortunately , this does not help the film too much .
the last , striking words of alan paton 's novel are displayed in the last moments of the film .
it is too bad that they seem to be so disconnected from the film that was just shown .
i do n't know what nelson mandela might have seen in this film .
thanks for your time .
" 54 " is a film based on the infamous " studio 54 " of the 1970s - the hangout for the social elite and party clubbers .
in the film , ryan phillippe is the main character , based on an actual employee of studio from 1977 - 1982.the film 's problem
is that it 's all glitter and style and no substance .
it tries to be a really grimy and probing satire like " boogie nights " but ultimately comes across as an inferior wannabe .
mike myers is given the thankless task of playing cocaine - snorting club owner steve rubell .
it 's only a slightly comedic role and
if this was myers ' best attempts at sliding into drama like lemmon and other comedic actors did in their time , it 's a total failure .
"54 " could have been insightful and interesting but
instead it 's just another dumb teen flick that is n't entertaining or even remotely engaging .
view at your own peril .
there are no reasons to watch this movie .
should you have won and extreme amount of money and having spent your time discovering life 's every pleasure and have come to a point where by chance you are at a loose end and have some time to kill ( like that would ever happen ) then get this movie from the video shop ( if you can find it and put up with the assistant laughing at you then ask for this movie .
be prepared however for you mind to be invaded by extremely wooden acting by absolutely everyone ( in fact the best acting was by the people who said nothing ) .
oliver reed tops off his grand career by playing a drunk - go figure .
but wait i forgot there is one reason to watch this movie - claudia udy showing her chest !
sadly no other reason than that !
" meatball machine " has got to be one of the most complex ridiculous , awful and over - exaggerated sci - fi horror films that i have ever came across .
it is about good against evil and a coming - of - age tale , with the aim of to entertain with bloody , sleazy and humorous context .
because of that the violence is n't particularly gruesome and it does n't make you squirm , but the gratuitous bloodletting and nudity does run freely .
the performances by issei takahashi and toru tezuka is the worst i have seen , if that was not enough it is also directed by an unheard of director called yudai yamaguchi .
this movie just have it all , it is bad to the bone !
, a must see for every b - movie freak ! ! ! ...
simply : an enjoying and rare gem .
lauren bacall and charles boyer do not provide the right chemistry here in this 1945 film .
there is a good story here about the axis trying to obtain coal to use for the upcoming war .
unfortunately , this part of the story is not emphasized .
instead , we deal with a supposedly bungling boyer .
by the way , bacall is as british as vladimir putin .
the real acting kudos goes to veteran oscar winner katina paxinou .
as was the case with her memorable pilar in the 1943 oscar winner , " for whom the bell tolls , " paxinou again plays a spanish revolutionary but this time she is a double - crossing counter - spy for the pro - franco group .
she is quite a vicious character here;especially , when she throws a 14 year old child out the window .
she believed that boyer had given the child important material to hide .
i felt that the movie was dry ...
very disappointing no plot .. kept waited for something to happened and nothing did dry as a bone .. a wast of money ..
one of robins williams worst films ..
if you do n't believe me wait a few months it will be out on dvd because that seems to be a pattern for movies that do n't do well in the theaters are out as rentals before the year is over ...
this is one you will not want to see or say why did i spend my money on that ! .
plus for it being such a new movie there were only 8 people in the watching it ....
this was on a friday night the 9:50 showing .
i also felt that it needed some more excitement or something to keep us awake .
when they characters spoke in the movie the voices were also very low
you could not hear what they were saying ..
i have to say i was very curious on viewing this film , and it was considered a notorious disaster when released by 20th century fox in 1970 .
it has also popped up on several critics lists of bad films , and this only deepened an interest , as i just had to see what made this movie so bad .
upon seeing it , i think i have my answers .
although i will say it does make for curious viewing , the acting , direction , and script are so laughingly bad , that the supposed satire is completely missing .
racquel welch seems to try to carry the film , but after the opening sequence of the sex - change operation , the film goes so far down hill that she can not handle this task alone .
john huston
as uncle buck loner is certainly no help , as he licks and leers at the screen , he sometimes looks like he wonders himself what he 's doing there .
rex reed bounces around as myron , myra 's alter ego , and even has his own celebrated masturbation scene .
bravo for debut performances !
farrah fawcett plays a dumb blonde ; she certainly seemed convincing in this role .
but , of course , arguably the most notorious role went to mae west .
the sight of a 75 year old woman with a plastic face making sexual innuendos seemed more suitable for a horror film .
i do n't mean to put this cast down personally ; but in this film , no one comes out looking good .
the direction seems so unassured and non - existent , that the film is not only bad , but boring as well .
throw in some old film footage of old stars , and the movie becomes even more disconnected .
to each his own to anyone that enjoyed this , and i was glad i at least saw it , but myra breckenridge seems to be the disaster that it was always reputed to be from the beginning .
i should qualify that title , now that i think about it .
checkout is not entirely worthless .
i 've had the opportunity to see it twice , and on the second time i did get a great laugh at the movie 's expense .
so i guess it 's worth something for that .
and also it 's worthwhile for the excruciating pain it caused me on my first viewing .
as another reviewer pointed out , this film is hackneyed in every sense of the word .
not a single original thought went into this movie ( which makes the comment below about the originality of the premise entirely baffling to me ) .
the film is nothing but a long line of cliches which are strung together and paraded around as a movie .
it is definitely not the next clerks , it is definitely not original , and it is absolutely not " good , clean fun .
the film is absolute agony to the uninitiated ( after seeing it a first time , the second time can be quite funny , in an insulting sort of way ) .
as i looked around the theater , it was obvious that nearly everyone , barring perhaps the elderly , were completely bored or pained by this movie .
during some of the particularly emotional scenes , like where nick chews out his mother , the audience was actually cringing because it was so poorly done .
i even heard someone * groan * in the theater , something i had heretofore never witnessed .
i do n't care where you have the chance to see this movie , be it at a film festival , or in a indie theater , or wherever .
do yourself a favor , skip this movie with a vengeance .
unless you 're like me and just ca n't resist the opportunity to see what may truly be the worst movie ever made .
this is pretty funny . "
saturday
the 12th " , a ? ...
great work ...
i laughed every minute of the movie ...
this is like " scary movie " for the 1980 's .
great student bodies - styled gags ...
too bad
this is n't on video ...
but you can still watch it on flix ...
men , do i love police movies filled with action , shooting , chases etcetera .
boy , was i let down after watching this short and unsatisfying movie .
we 've seen it all before , the hostages , the bank , the surrounding ...
yet , 2 bad guys that shoot down multiple officers and innocent people who simply stay in the line of fire - without getting hit due to some kevlar .
not just a few shots , no , hundreds of shots .
going back into the bank , where the dumb hostages did n't lock the safe or doors when the bad guys went out .
how stupid did the director think we 'd be .
okay , the shots in between that fake a documentary were good , but after seeing the film i only got the thought : why did n't the police get a decent shooting course ?
and why where there so many cops and was swat on a real long break .
truly bad .
i really do n't get all the adulation that this film has received .
it 's mawkish , unnecessarily manipulative and dodges many of the big issues - ie nash 's affairs and his predilection for having sex with men in public places .
that , i suppose , in the context of a commercial hollywood film is just about tolerable , but what 's with all the praise for russell crowe 's performance ?
the man just seems to shuffle about , clutching his briefcase and wearing a grungy hat and somehow that seems to qualify as fine acting ?
anyone who has ever known a person with mental health problems will realise that crowe 's performance is little short of caricature .
it is also rather offensive .
and , dare i say , just on the right side of being truly terrible
i would just like it to be known , that i do not often rate movies below a 5 .
i was originally very excited to see this movie .
its numerous trailer bumps on tv for several months made me reaally want to see this movie .
so , the other night when i saw that it was available on fearnet on demand , i got some popcorn and sat down to watch the film .
the storyline seemed intriguing enough - some dude is butchering unsuspecting people on the subway .
there 's a photographer obsessed with the missing people .
where are they going ?
what 's happening to them ?
one day , the photographer sees a connection between some photos he has taken , and becomes obsessed with the butcher , following him around , yada yada .
the film had a way of sucking you in , even though the plot was highly predictable .
oh no , it 's dark , look out behind you " i say , quite bored with the cheap thrills .
the plot , even though predictable , was intriguing ...
that is , until the end .
" this was good until the end ....
then it just got silly " , says jack_skellington_freke on the message boards .
and i fully agree .
and here come the spoilers ...
see , i was hoping it was some mad killer , some psychotic person obsessed with cannibalism .
it was some secret society keeping creatures alive for centuries .
how original .
how unrealistic .
how dull.3/10 .
come on lionsgate .
you 've had amazing films , but this one sunk .
this film comes as the ultimate disappointment in tsai ming - liang for me .
it oozes laziness from its every frame .
so i 'm not going to analyse it thoroughly either .
but some observations:1 .
if the premise is drought , why we get to see city landscapes with blooming green trees ?
i wonder if that was supposed to mean something in the metaphorical context of the film ( in which thirst notifies the craving for intimacy , and watermelon the trivial substitute , sex ) .
or it is only a matter of lousy film - making , not giving a damn about being coherent.2 .
we do n't get to know what had happened to the porn actress , why she is unconscious or , presumably , dead .
it seems a question of no importance as long as the message of supreme alienation is successfully (
= bombastically ) delivered , but in retrospect , her inert body proves to be a cheap dramaturgical gimmick , a pretext  just as gratuitous and exploitative as the activity it is employed in.3 .
nothing is expressed in this movie that antonioni had n't expressed better 40 years ago
 and without needlessly humiliating his actors.4 .
the musical numbers ( recycled from ' the hole ' ) felt like a secondary - schooler 's idea of artistic counterpointing , executed on that very secondary - school level of skill .
if that was the point , the point sucked .
the acting was horrendous as well as the screenplay .
it was poorly put together and made you almost want to laugh at the several terribly acted out murder scenes .
the ending was even worse .
everyone kept dying , but somehow the ending made it look like everything was perfectly ok !
they did not give enough history about the obsession the teacher had , etc .
the movie needed more time to perhaps develop a better storyline .
the only reason i give this 3/10 is that i kind of feel bad for the young actors .
they needed better coaching .
they could have really made this an ok film , but the screenplay and acting failed miserably .
typical thriller , has been done many times before .
simple plot outline ; cop liotta becomes obsessed with russell 's wife , and he tries to bump off good ol' kurt so he can have her .
this is beyond predictable , it does n't even try to make you guess , the plot is the plot and there 's no thinking outside the box here .
i guess then the only reason to watch it is to see how it develops , but nothing is done originally or interestingly .
there 's not really anything to say about this film , it 's not particularly bad , but there 's no good points either .
russell plays russell
and you know what you 're gon na get when you see him in a film .
ditto liotta .
stowe has an annoying cher - esque voice .
i read the plot outline and i could see the film in my head , it was so obvious and basic .
i watched it and it rolled out in front of my eyes exactly as i had imagined .
i felt not a drop of emotion throughout .
i have no feeling towards this film , it 's as if i never even watched it .
considering this , it 's a pretty pointless film is n't it ?
still , i 'll give it 3/10 for some reason .
this is a bit of a first for me , the first time i have ever been disappointed in a tim burton film .
pota is n't a bad film ( great sets , costumes and the odd great performance ) but it could have been made by any off - the - shelf hollywood director .
the pacing was very odd , the last third was just spent waiting for the film to end , by myself and the cast .
tim roth was excellent , probably the only pleasure in the film .
come back tim .
the good thing about this that 's at least fresh :
almost no movies about dance music and the club scene ( if even made ) hit the cinemas .
and it radiates lots of energy too , from the music to the portrayal of ibiza .
but the main problem is that it ca n't decide what it wants to be .
although it definitely likes to be a mockumentary in the line of this is spinal tap , the makers also realized they would n't want to play copycat .
however , it fails grossly on the jokes because it 's not very well written and most characters are underdeveloped .
and it has no arc in its script and directing to make it to 90 minutes , so why not edit it down to 75 ?
the production department and cinematography still try to save the day (
e.g. paul 's home).in a strange way and
unexpectedly so it 's all gone
pete tong works much better as a simple drama in the line of almost famous .
especially the scenes with beatriz batarda offer some acting power .
conclusion
: it 's a mess , it somewhat entertains at a basic level , but you better spend a night in your favorite club .
this film is a pia zadora special !
when viewing it , i was reminded of the classic cartoon showing a hollywood starlet ; in urgent need of another role but afraid of becoming typecast for ' b ' movie or soft porn roles ; who says at her casting session "
well of course i do not normally do roles requiring nudity , but if it is artistically necessary for the film ............... " .
this recollection brought up a very naughty image of a similar cartoon showing pia at such a session saying " well of course i do not normally take any roles requiring actual acting , but if it will really give me sufficient exposure to enhance my status as a sex symbol .................. " .
this is probably grossly unfair , the rather sordid tale is the fault of harold robbins book ; considering the nature of the story pia 's exposures certainly do not receive undue attention , and perhaps pia ( who once won an acting award in butterfly ) is deliberately satirising her part rather than attempting to act in an almost unplayable role .
critics usually point first to the actors as the problem whenever a film proves disappointing , but this is grossly unfair ; the scriptwriters and director are far more often the guilty parties .
the real problem with " the lonely lady " is that the screenplay , like the original book , looks for sensation rather than substance , and nothing can help with this . 	
the screenplay for this film is abysmal , but whether the story could have been filmed more successfully with a better script , tauter directing and really competent acting must remain a matter of personal judgement .
as it was released , my viewers rating for it would depend upon whether i am assessing my personal opinion , or assessing to what extent the film succeeds in providing what it aims at doing .
my personal rating for it would be two out of ten ; but to some extent this film probably provides exactly what its sponsors intended , and judged on this basis a quality rating of four out of ten would be reasonable .
being in a charitable mood , and wanting to make it clear that i am not blaming pia for my disappointment , i will give an imdb rating of four .
revolution is a terrible movie , i do n't care if you 're a history teacher , news writer , al pacino fan , there 's no way this movie can possibly earn a legitimate ' 10' .
the key point to the plot is tom dobb ( al ) trying to get money from a note he got for radical patriots taking his boat .
everything revolves around that note .
tom 's son joins the army to make up for the note , making tom join the army as well , they go on an adventure trying to get out of the army , years later the war is over and they can finally turn in the note for their boat .
the end .
it had a few battle scenes , and they were pretty mediocre at best .
transistions between scenes used " five months later " and magically put the characters in some famous historical battle .
the love story is a joke , and the movie as a whole is just hard to follow .
so save your " notes " and watch the patriot instead .
the ladies man is a funny movie .
there 's not much thought behind it , but what do you expect from an snl movie ?
it 's actually better than most snl movies
( i.e. superstar or a night at the roxbury )
tim meadows and will ferrell were both very funny .
chris parnell was also funny in his short scene ( one of the funnier ones in the movie ) .
other than that , the rest of the cast is average and is just there to support meadows .
i 've definitely seen funnier movies , but i 've seen dumber ones too .
again , it 's not exactly a deep movie , but it 's good for a few laughs .
it was funnier as a skit though .
but still , if you 're looking for a pretty funny movie , i 'd recommend this one .
just do n't think about it too much , or you 'll hate it .
rating : 6/10
i regret that i 've seen this movie .
ca n't believe that the creator of best intentions and pelle the conqueror could make such a bleak and boring film .
what a waste !
a romanticised and thoroughly false vision of unemployment from a middle class " artist " with a comfortable upbringing ...
it is clear that the writer - director never suffered unemployment directly and certainly has no personal experience of it .
if you had to believe this absolutely ridiculous story , unemployed men of all ages behave like teenagers , have no anger , no fear , no frustration , etc .
all the characters live trough the day by carrying pranks , boyish jokes .
they do never look for work , the do almost never experience rejection or anguish , etc .
living on the dole is just about like a summer vacation from school ...
ridiculous .
specially if you compare it with contemporary masterpieces from the likes of ken loach , etc .
why do i constantly do this to myself ?
i mean , really , it 's right there in the title - " the incredible melting man " .
what else would i expect ?
i have to admit , i 'm a sucker for just about anything i come across on the monster hd channel , but the only redeeming feature of this picture would be that truly grotesque makeup job by the legendary rick baker .
as for creepy , i 'll give the nod to that horny old geezer couple sucking on lemons just before lights out .
now they were truly scary .
something i could never figure out in horror flicks was why a monster 's victims would n't simply just run away when faced with virtual annihilation .
like the chick in the cabin .
you know , there was a door completely visible right there in the kitchen that she could have run right out of at any time .
incredible steve - o could n't muster much more than a brisk walk , so why not just blow right by him ?
i do n't know , maybe i 'm missing something .
this flick had some of the feel of a ' tales from the crypt ' episode , but ' tales ' usually had a cool or grotesque twist which often times you did n't see coming .
this was one picture that you could n't quite get a handle on coming or going .
for example , in an early scene , you can clearly make out that melting man 's eyeball fell out of his head , so how did he manage to get around for the rest of the story ?
i guess we 're not supposed to ask .
at eighty four minutes , this picture was about an hour and a half too long .
when it was all over , i was ready to take up general perry on his earlier suggestion - " i could really use a drink about now " .
some very interesting camera work and a story with much potential .
but it never comes together as anything more than a student 's graduate thesis in film school .
there are two primary reasons for this .
fist , there is not a single likable character , not even a villain we might admire for his / her chutzpah .
secondly , all the acting is awful - even from veteran willem dafoe .
the ham is so plentiful here , you feel like you 're at a picnic - but one of those wretched company employee picnics where you drink too much cheap beer and get your hangover before you even stop drinking .
then you eat an underdone hotdog and throw up .
all right , i 'm being a little rough on a young director who might still go places - as i said , the camera work is quite good .
but i feel cheated - the blurb for this film suggests we will get to watch a " modern western " , and the dvd packaging has pictures on it that suggest this as well - but nobody actually connected to the film 's making seems to know that this is the kind of film they 're supposed to be making .
that betrayal is what hurts ; but even without it , the fact remains that we do n't like these characters , we feel embarrassed for the actors , the story is hopelessly muddled , and in the last analysis , we just do n't care .
i took it out of the dvd player about half way through .
but the rental store would n't give me my money back .
now , that really hurts .
hoo boy , this was a real trial to get through .
the dvd case has tom hanks ' mug plastered on it and that is the only reason that anybody would buy it .
he looks about forty on the box , however , the movie was made in 1982 , so he still has his bosom buddies ' do and of course is about forty pounds lighter .
the plot concerns a dungeons and dragons like game that hanks and his three friends play and hanks ends up thinking the whole thing is real .
chris makepeace is a boy genius named jay jay and the best thing about the movie
is that he wears a succession of funny hats .
ooh , look , he has a yellow hardhat on with a tuxedo !
now he 's dressed like a wwi pilot !
this was a truly awful movie but in a bad way .
a bunch of vets pop up mostly as parents of the kids .
there 's anne ( i 'm honey west , dammit ! )
francis and louise sorel , who actually looks kind of hot .
murray hamilton , the mayor from jaws , has a thankless roll as a cop .
wendy crewson , is the love interest for hanks and some blonde guy i have never seen before or since .
there is some syrupy music here and there and absolutely no tension or sense of danger or excitement .
there is a monster that only hanks can see because he 's , you know , nuts .
the monster is played by the late , great kevin peter hall , he of predator fame .
a friend of mine got this out of the ol' discount bin at mallwart and advised me to chuck it in the trash without even looking at it , so naturally i had to see if it was as bad as all that .
it was .
the night before , i watched apollo 13 , so after that , this movie was a bit of a shock .
do yourself a favor and leave it in the bin .
oh yeah ,
after hanks almost jumps from one of the world trade center towers because of his delusions
, he goes home to recuperate and is visited by his friends .
hanks mother , a drunken vera miles , says he is coming along nicely now
but when they walk down to the lake to visit him in his tennis outfit , he is crazier than ever .
the end
some gorehound - friends recommended " live feed " to me , and basically i ca n't really complain as the film certainly does deliver copious amounts of gross smut and buckets full of sleaze , but it is of course not a very good film .
more than obviously cashing in on the latest trend in horror cinema , the so - called torture porn , ryan nicholson tries to surpass every other film in this sub genre ( and that includes the role models " hostel " and " saw " ) with its sick & twisted make - up effects and thoroughly depraved shots of naked co - eds tried up , suffering and begging for their lives .
there 's no actual plot to describe .
five utterly brainless
twenty - something friends take a trip to asia .
one of them has asian roots , but other than that
i do n't really know why they opted to travel there instead of to cancun .
they 're clearly not interested in the continents culture and even cause a hectic scene when they witness a local butchering a cute puppy dog on the market .
the quintet subsequently dives into the lurid night life and one of them accidentally insults the leader of a criminal clan .
a simply apology clearly does n't suffice , as the gangster follow them into an adult theater and gradually subject all of them to vicious torture .
one girl has her breast impaled and another poor wench even has a poisonous snake shoved down her throat ; yikes .
live feed " is surprisingly boring despite of all the bloodshed and the amateurish production values are quite difficult to overlook , even if you 're used to watching independent fan - boy trash cinema like this .
the fat bloke depicted on the cover , an oriental s&m executioner , is admittedly quite cool
and he 's also the most talented of the whole bunch , because he at least keeps his mouth shut the entire time .
i would n't exactly recommend this pile of filth , but hey , if you like loud & hideous metal music , nauseating torture footage and dim - witted losers , go right ahead and watch !
if this could be rated a 0 , it would be .
from the atrocious wooden acting to the dull , plodding pace , the puerile exploitation angle and the sophomoric pseudolesbian titillation added purely for the sake of the sad viewers , this is a disaster of a film .
the plot is predictable , as from the beginning one is absolutely certain of what will happen to all of the characters and how the plot will commence .
from a boring , unexceptional beginning to a pathetic and bleak ending , every single presence in this film is wasted , and every meagre scrap of talent dug up for this turkey is squandered .
if you want to watch something as relentlessly bleak with plenty of the same childish titillation , watch one of the ilsa films .
at least they 're unapologetic and up - front about what they 're trying to do .
how something this horrendously bad ever managed to be rated above a 5 is a miracle of how people with no taste or discerning standards can sometimes come together for the most dubious of purposes .
it 's not scary , it 's not interesting , and above all it 's not arousing in any sense of the word .
it is , in my opinion , a crime ; it is a crime that such a horribly offensive and incompetent piece of trash was ever conceived of and given the resources to come into existence , and even more a tragedy that it is still defended by some woefully misguided viewers .
not even elvira 's cheerful personality and joking ways could soften the blow that this horrifying travesty of film is .
avoid it at all costs .
she has been catapulted from 13 to 30 , with magic dust involved , courtesy the 13-year - old matt , but nothing is made of that except as an unexplained device .
new york city , especially central park , but also every other slice of the place incorporated into the movie , seems hope - filled and easily livable , and save for lucy
there 's no villain in jenna 's adult life , and even lucy is not cast as monstrous , only as a nasty 13-year - old grown 17 years more devious .
chris , the one - time boy object of jenna 's yearning , is now a porky cab driver , and you have seen enough films to know that matt will play a major role in jenna 's future .
you do n't know quite what might impede this before it is finally achieved , though i 'm here to whisper in your ear , so to speak , that the device is not unique .
in fact , not only is this a variation on the theme of tom hanks ' " big , "
though nowhere near as fine , it is also a strictly by - the - book version of this subset of the cinderella story .
well , what can i say .
the bleep do we know " has achieved the nearly impossible - leaving behind such masterpieces of the genre as " the postman " , " the dungeon master " , " merlin " , and so fourth , it will go down in history as the single worst movie i have ever seen in its entirety .
and that , ladies and gentlemen , is impressive indeed , for i have seen many a bad movie .
this masterpiece of modern cinema consists of two interwoven parts , alternating between a silly and contrived plot about an extremely annoying photographer , abandoned by her husband and forced to take anti - depressants to survive , and a bunch of talking heads going on about how quantum physics supposedly justifies their new - agy pseudo - philosophy .
basically , if you start your day off meditating to the likes of enya and kenny g , this movie is for you .
if you have a sense of humor , a crowd of people who know how to have fun , and a sizable portion of good weed , then this movie is for you as well .
otherwise , stay away .
take my word for it .
the first thing that struck me about " what the bleep do you know " is that is seemed to be edited and put together by the same kinds of people that shoot cheap weddings on camera , complete with pink heart effects , computer - generated sparkles across the screen , and other assorted silliness .
who let these people anywhere near a theatrical release is a mystery to me .
i guess this is what too much kenny g does to you .
the movie was permeated with cheesy gci , the likes that you or i can produce on our own computer via over - the - counter video editing software , but never would , because it 's just way too ridiculous .
the script was _ obviously _ written by someone with no writing experience whatsoever .
not only were all the characters and conversations cumbersome and contrived beyond belief , but the " writers " felt like they had to shove every relevant piece of information , or rather disinformation , which is what most of this movie was all about , all the way down your throat .
well , given the target audience , that may not have been too bad of an idea .
the main character , for example , spends half the movie popping pills .
apparently , though , it was deemed not convincing enough , so there are at least a couple of dialogs in throughout , which refer to her anti - anxiety pills specifically , just in case the viewers should not be able to connect her overacted pain and suffering with little white pills she takes whenever she feels down .
the acting ...
well , i 've seen better acting in ed wood movies , and no , this is not an exaggeration .
heck , the little play i was in when i was 12 featured much more inspiring acting than this .
it really did .
the story is interrupted here and there with a bunch or random talking heads , a strange mix of kooky scientists , kooky doctors , and self - proclaimed mystics , go on and on about how quantum physics supposedly provides an " explanation " for how ever man or woman created their own reality just by participating in the experience of life .
reality , you see , is a probability - field of a bunch of different possibilities , and is only set in stone once you the observer chose to notice it .
what happens when more than one observer observes they did n't say , but then again who cares .
listen to enya , meditate , observe , and you shall be god , and nobody gives a damn about such silly and archaic things as critical thinking , logic , etc .
all reason is immediately dismissed as people being stuck in their ways and unable to achieve a " paradigm shift " and " go down the rabbit hole " .
furthermore , the heidelberg uncertainty principle supposedly is proof positive of alternate realities , parallel universes , and such .
speaking of rabbit holes , the analogy permeates the movie .
all of these people keep talking about going down rabbit holes .
i 'm not sure what that had to do with anything else they were saying or showing , but one thing i 'm certain of is that it somehow involves anal sex .
actually , the movie is _ extremely _ anti - sex .
throughout , sex is presented as dirty , ugly , and anti - enlightening .
in any case , the talking heads talk , the main character achieves harmony and enlightenment by painting hearts all over her body with a magic marker , and proceeds to walk around with an even stupider look in her glazed over eyes than she started with .
i want 2 hours of my life back .
here 's a couple of random quotes which i happened to remember:"what
i think of as unreal has become a lot more real to me , and that , which i used to consider real , is oftentimes a lot less real than the unreal . "
- some talking head on the spirituality of quantum physics .
"what does it take for one man to have an erection ?
it takes just one thought .
nothing changes on the outside , all the changes are within .
yet he has an erection " -
some self proclaimed mystic , head of her own school of enlightenment.[while looking at herself in the mirror ]
" i hate you !
i hate you !
you 're fat !
you 're ugly !
i have you ! "
- main character , the fat and ugly photographer .
this movie should be nominated for a new genre : complete mess !
except for a few chuckles and one or two scenes of gore , this movie is a complete waste of time .
calling it " campy " does n't even cut it .
campy " implies fun which this movie was not .
you spend the first half of the movie thinking " its got to get better , right ? " .
in fairness , it does , at the very end when its finally explained who the " brother / sister " team are and what they want but by then , you hardly care anymore because you 've spend the entire second half of the movie wondering exactly what did mr. onorati & ms. pacula do to tick someone off this badly to be stuck in such a horrible movie .
unentertaining , uninvolving hybrid of " cruel intentions " and " wild things " , but it is n't nearly as good as either of those trash min - classics .
it 's about the acting sheriff , artie ( taye diggs ) being called in to investigate a near - fatal drug overdose at a posh upper - class univesity , but to keep it on the down low .
as he digs deeper he thinks it 's much more than it at first glance seems to be .
we follow alicia , the girl who overdosed in flashbacks as well .
at about 90 minutes , if this film was welcomed to begin with , it would have worn it out .
this film brings absolutely nothing new to the table .
but it is the only movie thus far that has miss swain topless
so the grade is higher just for that .
my grade : deye
candy :
dominique swain gets topless ( fixing a mistake of " happy campers " ) ; another girl is topless anti - eye candy : more men ass than girl tit
this " screwy comedy " seems very forced .
indeed , the actors try very hard to make a go of an essentially unfunny script .
and , as a result it does n't really go anywhere .
the idea of a woman finding out she was pregnant after getting a quickie divorce just is n't all that funny .
and then , when cooper sneaks off with the baby because he does n't want it put up for adoption just seems terribly unfunny
and it 's really pushing hard to turn this into a comedy .
it 's really a shame , too , as the actors were more capable than the script and i found myself just bored by the whole mess .
considering that cooper made so many good comedies , i recommend you see them instead .
vic ( richard dreyfuss ) is a mob boss , leaving a mental institution , back to his world of gangsters .
how can a director have a cast with richard dreyfuss , ellen barkin , jeff goldblum , diane lane ( very gorgeous ) , gabriel byrne , gregory hines , kyle maclachlan , burt reynolds , billy idol and a make such a waste of time ?
this movie is a comedy that is not funny , having a constellation in the cast .
my vote is four .
title ( brazil ) : ' prazer em matar - te ! '
( ' pleasure in killing you ! ' )
i thought that the nadir of horror film making had been reached with " book of shadows " , i was wrong .
this film makes that look like " the magnficiant ambersons " compared to this piece of shameless , unexpurgated fecal matter that has the audacity to call itself a movie .
i 'd write more
but i 'm still to angry that i was idiot enough to spend £ 3 renting it , bobbins .
and were these people english ?
and where is the forest
i have lived in the uk two thirds of my life and
as far as i know there are no dark uncharted woodlands in the midlands .
the whole bally thing looked like a national trust conifer plantation .
those angels looked like anorexic pornstars ( turned most of them were , did my research ) .
i did however like the bit when judd got ripped in pieces .
p.s i love and admire tom savini
but he cannot
now here is a film that if made in australia would have easily been a comedy .
sadly and annoyingly , here it is , flaccid and cheesy and overbaked from lala land .
how did the di - erector get it so wrong ?
well , mainly by being serious about a job so hilariously startling that nobody in their right mind could take seriously .
unless of course they were a nerdy lonely gay cliché ( but somehow cute) ... or is that cliché piled upon cliché .
no value in the story that almost seems like a prequel to gus van sant 's gerry .....
and with a title like the fluffer how is it all such a lead weight ?
well this auteur must have soooooo mad that he did n't get to burt and boogie first that he had to make his own .
convoluted and undeveloped apart from the ' unrequited love 's a bore ' theme left over from a faded streisand lyric , we have only moody beefcake and tv serial level storyline left .
the un necessary fourth act of this overlong turgid drama is truly terrible as the film wanders off like the gerries into to desert and gets stuck there .
in oz in the late 90s some 20 somethings made a similar but actually hilarious film called moneyshot .
originally filmed as the venus factory it too suffered from an auteur more awful than orson so they re - filmed half of it , got a ruthless tv editor to chop it up and down down to 72 minutes and hey - presto .. comedy , tonight !
a lesson there in when bad films turn good by lightening up .
i guess the fluffer stiffed on release and after seeing it not perform , i can understand why .
as good an advert for republicanism as you 're ever likely to see,"mayerling"is an everyday story of royal folk in late nineteenth century austria .
set during one of europe 's seemingly incessant internal turmoils it concerns itself with the emperor franz joseph ( mr james mason),his rebellious son , the crown prince rudolf ( mr omar sharif)the empress(miss ava gardner ) and various mistresses , secret policemen , spies , extravagantly - uniformed popinjays , gypsies , dancers , wives , soldiers , swans , horses and the bizarre inbred web of european royalty at the time of franz joseph 's austro - hungarian empire .
filmed in what the old movie posters used to call " a riot of color " it resembles nothing more than an expensively - dressed but intellectually - challenged production of " the student prince " .mr
james mason , wearing a very natty little white number , utilises his all - purpose mittel - european accent whenever he remembers .
i am a great admirer of his
and i sincerely hope the remuneration was comensurate with the distaste he clearly felt for the character he was playing .
mr omar sharif , who built a career largely founded on looking directly at the camera with his big brown eyes and looking soulful , gives a stupefyingly monotonous performance as his son the crown prince .
he is utterly unconvincing as a man who -in
the movie at least - cut a swathe through the distaff side of the austrian aristocracy .
with his well - buttered locks firmly in place he preens and poses in ever more unlikely uniforms .
as a rebel he talks the talk but conspicuously fails to walk the walk , leaving a bottom button
undone on one of his tunics is about as far as his defiance goes .
unhappily married , he falls in love with a commoner .
"forbidden
love " is one of the movie 's come - ons .
as she is played by the most uncommon miss catherine deneuve he is scarcely pushing the envelope there .
miss deneuve has a profile to die for and we see rather a lot of it , particularly in the sequence set at the ballet .
now i love ballet as much as the next man , but this sequence does seem to go on for an excessive amount of time , a more cynical critic might consider it to be " padding " .
rudolf 's mother , the empress is played by miss ava gardner .
she gives the part some good old american oooomph , making her a bit like " auntie mame",but it 's done with undeniable style .
rudolf is certainly very fond of his mother - i 'll put it no more strongly than that .
the only performance worth watching is that of mr james robertson justice as sir lancelot spratt - sorry , edward , prince of wales .
he is so wonderfully unconcerned about everything going on around him
it 's a joy to behold .
i waited vainly for him to ask rudolf the immortal question "
what 's the bleeding time ? " .
i am not qualified to dispute " mayerling " 's historical accuracy , but , in my opinion , everything else about it is risible .
it is a ruritanian opera buffa without the tunes to send you home from the theatre whistling .
as always this is an inaccurate picture of the homeless .
tv told a lot of lies about panhandlers in the early 1990s and made everyone look bad , and claimed we all made over $ 100 a day when $ 20 - 40 a day was much closer to reality .
when someone drove by where i held up a sign offering to work , and offered me work , i actually went and took the work if i was physically
able.and if i would been offered the $ 100,000 i d damned
sure invested in in apt
prepaid for at least 2 years , and kept most in the bank and still left myself $ 10 - 20000 for nl $ 1 - 2 and $ 2 - 5 cash games at the casinos .
i usually always win and could win decent if i just had a bankroll .
instead i win about $ 1000 a month
is all playing in always minimum buying in due to not wanting to risk losing it all .
i was only homeless cause i did n't wanna risk spending all my money and going broke , sometimes i had over $ 1000 - 2000 in my sock while i slept outside .
anyone wanting to talk contact sevencard2003 on yahoo messenger.i admit i was different than most homeless people though , due to the fact i never drank smoke or took drugs .
i m no longer homeless , am now in govt housing for $ 177 a month and getting ssi and spend most of my time winning at online poker .
mom and sunflower diversified worked hard to get me ssi .
glad my days of hiding in under the stage in the convention center of the casino at night sleeping , worrying about getting caught by security are finally over .
had this tv crew picked me they d been over a lot sooner .
its a shame how they do n't better select who they pick .
i was in second grade , 12 years ago .
i remember it clearly .
we were learning about space .
all little kids want to go to space , right ?
well , after i saw this , i was so scared to death that i would ' accidentally ' get flung into space by some psychotic robot with a one track mind .
i had no idea that this was a movie .
i thought it was some news program or something .
i guess it was my own version of when people were freaked out by the radio program ' war of the worlds . '
so , recently , i get this movie again to watch , realizing my favorite actor , joaquin phoenix was in it ( then known as leaf phoenix ) .
i can tell you , i was laughing at the dramatic parts and laughing even harder at the acting .
i mean , when andy is in space , she moves in slow motion , did you ever notice that ?
i do n't think being in space makes you talk that slow or think that slow .
the best part is when andy is knocked unconscious by the oxygen tank , and begins to float backwards as the security doors close .
little max is trying to pull her in .
suddenly , we get a major close up on max 's face as he shouts ( in slow motion )
" whaaaaatttt'ssss happpeniiiinngggg ? ! ?
" i had no idea .
i had a lot of expectations from this movie and more so since it was a yashraj film .
jimmy operates a call centre and one day he is invited by pooja singh to teach her boss , lakhan singh , english .
the two fall in love and decide to run away
but pooja tells jimmy that she ca n't do this as she owes a debt to lakhan singh , who is also known as bhaiyyaji .
but they decide and steal money from him and its only then that jimmy finds out that bhaiyyaji / lakhan singh is a don .
in the meantime , bhaiyyaji hires a man , bachchan pandey , to track down jimmy and pooja .
starring saif ali khan , kareena kapoor , anil kapoor and akshaye kumar , the movie is directed by first time director viay krishna acharya and is produced by both aditya chopra and yash chopra .
"tashan " has to be one of the worse films that i have ever watched .
the scenery is good and kareena kapoor ( and her much publicised weight loss ) looks good .
but plot is extremely thin on story and at times makes no sense from one scene to the other - hence why i have said at the beginning that i had expected more from this film as it was a yashraj production .
with reference to songs , unfortunately , there is not one song that i can remember now .
there are moments where one can laugh and that is mainly thanks to akshaye kumar and saif could have definitely done better while kareena kapoor played her part well .
but this can not be said for anil kapoor - it did not suit him at all as a villain .
lastly , never mind aditya chopra , who in the past has produced and directed good films such as " mohabbatein , " what was yash chopra doing by producing such a trash movie ?
conclusion :
bad movie , not worth wasting your time and that is my first and last impression .
this is a movie about making a movie .
such movies may be entertaining , but they need some substance , to do so .
it did not happen here , i am afraid .
mr coppola did not inherit his father 's skills , unfortunately ( neither did his sister , who can however make movies which one might watch).i do wonder how this movie came to get such rave reviews .
let 's see : the lead male actor , supposedly a director , is as expressive as a frozen squid and his voice has the same pitch whatever he says , the lead female actress has an expression on her face that never changes , the plot is totally segmented in bits with perhaps one single connecting element , the movie within the movie idea must be more stale than paleolithic rocks ...
would that be enough?i regretted every single moment i watched this movie .
a walk with the dog is far superior entertainment to this unbelievably lame movie .
it 's as if a françois truffaut plot were directed by dick cheney ...
brazil , some other classic sf movies ?
you must be really joking ...
( a possible spoiler or two )  
" soul survivors " is quite possibly the worst theatrical released movie ever .
nothing makes sense at all , there 's some plot about a girl who has strange visions of people who may or may not be dead .
the entire movie is just a bunch of random shots of things that do n't really tie together , by the end of the film .  
tha acting is non - existent , the camera work is jerky and the script is so confusing , it just makes the movie even harder to watch .
i kept waiting for something to tie the movie together
but nothing came .
definitely the worst film of the year .
-****1/2 stars .
this film is really only bill maher 's interpretation of religion .
there are several funny moments , and some interesting points , but do n't go into this expecting an even - handed discussion of religion .
this is what i consider to be the worst kind of documentary - everything is arranged ahead of time and in editing to provide you with the opinion of the director , rather than letting you make your own decision .
editing
- it 's very chopped up , inter - spliced with clips from pop culture and the media to reinforce the point .
the interviewee barely has a chance to finish a sentence before he is interrupted by the editing .
the only people given a fair chance to speak their mind are those who say what bill maher wants them to say .
once someone deviates from the gospel according to maher , they get edited .
interviewees - they are meant to represent the absolute most extremist religions .
from the tv evangelical to the ultimate jewish stereotype , to a truck stop chapel ( seriously .
a truck stop chapel ) .
he 's picked the worst money - grabbers , the heavy extremists , and those who do n't have the budget to say no to pick on .
and when he does get a good person to interview , he edits the hell out of them .
stereotyping - all religions are portrayed as stereotypes .
especially hard hit are the muslims .
during the muslim segment , he barely gives anyone the chance to speak before interrupting them either himself , or through editing in pieces with suicide bombers .
all muslims are portrayed as gun - toting extremists through the editing , and none of the people interviewed is edited fairly .
ending -
the message at the end is incredibly heavy - handed , and while it is an interesting idea , it 's not presented with fairness to the countless people who are not religious extremists .
bill maher explains himself while clips of destruction play in the foreground .
this literally gives the message that religion is stupid and dangerous , and that it will destroy the world .
he also states that everyone involved in religion is stupid .
with the faults to the film , it has some good points , and the humor , while very unfair , is actually funny .
but know going in , it is a very one - sided view , bill maher 's view , of religion .
he 's not discovering anything .
he 's telling you what he thinks.4/10 -
some good moments , but heavy - handed with an extremely irresponsible documentary style .
i caught this movie at a small screening held by members of my college 's gaming club .
we were forewarned that this would be the " reefer madness " of gaming , and this movie more than delivered .
tom hanks plays robbie , a young man re - starting his college career after " resting " for a semester .
what we , the viewer , find out as the movie progresses , is that robbie was hopelessly addicted to a role - playing game called " mazes and monsters , " a game that he gets re - acquainted with after a gaming group recruit him for a campaign .
this movie is laughable on many , many levels .
one scene features the group " gaming by candlelight , " which is probably the best way i can describe it .
while i 'm sure that this was meant to be " cultish " in some way , as most gamers know , it 's horribly inaccurate .
most role - play sessions are done in well - lit rooms , usually over some chee - tohs and a can of soda .
the acting , while not oscar - caliber , is n't gut
- wrenchingly awful either .
this is one of tom hanks 's first roles , and bosom buddies and bachelor party were still a year or two over the horizon .
the supporting cast , while not very memorable , still hand forth decent performances .
mainly the badness lies in the fact that it was a made - for - tv movie that shows the " dangers of gaming "
worth a view if you and your friends are planning a bad movie night .
note to self- just because a film is
foreign , obscure , and stars catherine zeta - jones does n't mean it 's any good .
such is the case with ' blue juice , ' a 1995 brit flick about an unlikely group of surfing enthusiasts in what would seem
( to a dumb american , anyway ) an even more unlikely place to find surfers : cornwall , england .
you might be thinking this has the makings for an amusing , quirky little comedy .
if only .
the film is just a bit over ninety minutes but it seems interminable .
the easiest way to describe it is as a sort of ' 90 's british version of ' grease ' without the dancing , but even that makes it sound better than it is .
no , the best way to take it is as a little slice - of - life set in a small town .
catherine zeta - jones plays chloe , a young woman living with a surfing instructor , jc ( sean pertwee ; you remember him ) .
pertwee is actually the film 's star , and his character is something of a surfing legend to a small group of surfing devotees , the requisite oddball group of free spirits that inevitably inhabit films like this .
in this case , it consists of a drug dealer who wants to be a journalist , a former nightclub dj who wants to be a record producer , and a fat nerdy guy who , in a needlessly extended scene , gets stoned and loses all his inhibitions which of course turns out to be the best thing that ever happened to him .
i ca n't honestly say everything that goes on in ' blue juice ' is predictable , since it 's set in a place and reflects customs and manners
i 'm not very familiar with , but there 's certainly nothing surprising or even interesting that takes place there or with the characters .
the comedy , though , is very predictable and tired .
one can sense the set - ups a mile away and almost recite the dialogue ( in american form , of course ) before the actors do .
the relationship between jc and chloe is every bit as hackneyed .
she wants him to grow up ; he wants them to stay the impetuous teenagers they started out being .
he 's afraid of losing face with his gang ; she thinks he prefers them to her .
you get the idea .
as i struggled to stay focused on ' blue juice , ' toward the end i felt , as the saying goes , that this was an hour and half of my life i 'd never get back .
creep is the story of kate ( potente ) , an intensely unlikeable bourgeois bitch that finds herself somehow sleeping through the noise of the last underground train , and waking up to find herself locked in the tube station .
after somehow meeting workmate and would - be rapist guy on a mystery train that runs after the lines have closed , things go awry and she finds herself pursued by what lurks beneath the city 's streets .
her story is linked to that of george ( blackwood ) , an ex - con working in the sewer system ; they meet in the final third of the film , brought together by their attempts to escape the monster that pursues them .
the pair proceed through a set of increasingly unlikely locations ; from the tube station , they end up in the sewage works before somehow finding themselves in some sort of abandoned underground surgery .
most tube stations do n't have toilets , so how one has a surgery is beyond me .
naturally , the film cares to explain that the surgery does n't have running water .
yet it has electricity ?
just one of many inconsistencies that work against the atmosphere of everyday believability that the film tries to create .
the monster itself is a problem .
there 's a complete lack of reasoning for its actions , it just kills people for no obvious reason .
and then of course it keeps some alive for no real reason either , perhaps just so that they can eventually escape and give the film an extra 15 minutes or so running time .
i understand that natural evil is supposed to be scary , but then the film attempts to explain itself via a photo of a doctor and his son , and a few shots of some jars containing babies , and yes , it is just as tired and pathetic as it sounds .
it also fails to explain how the creature has been underground long enough to lose the ability to speak , communicating only in raptor screams , but not long enough for its pair of shorts to decay .
this doctor business leads to scene that is the film 's desperate attempt to implant itself on your memory , and while it is gory and uncomfortable to watch , it just is n't enough .
the final third of the film hinges on an emotional relationship that never existed , and the characters break down and recover for little or no obvious reason .
george breaks down , unable to cope with something despite stating that he wants to escape so he can see his daughter again , and kate becomes emotionally tough seconds after going to pieces over someone that ripped her off for a travelcard .
yeah .
after starting out as a " this could happen to anyone " movie , it quickly falls apart as it introduces ideas that make it more and more unrealistic .
a complete lack of emotional interest in the characters and an absence of suspense make this one to avoid .
good movies are original , some leave a message or touch you in a certain way , but sometimes you 're not in the mood for that .
i wanted something simple , no thinking just plain action when i watched this one .
it started of good and was quite entertaining , so why a bad review .
well in the end the movie lost it 's credibility .
the storyline was n't that cheesy at all , the action was not too special but overall good , acting was ok , so more than enough to satisfy my needs .
but all got ruined because things happened that were over the top , and it left me with a bad feeling .
they should have put a little more effort in making everything credible and would have gotten a 7 in the " no thinking just plain action " category .
so in conclusion if you know you 'll get irritated because things are happening that seem completely illogical : do n't watch !
otherwise i 'd say go ahead ...
the tooth fairy is set in a small town somewhere in northern california where peter campbell ( lochlyn munro ) has brought a farming property which he is renovating & planning to turn into a holiday inn , he is joined by his girlfriend darcy wagner ( chandra west ) & her young 12 year old daughter pamela ( nicole munoz ) who arrive to help for the weekend .
while exploring the property pamela meets another young girl named emma ( jianna ballard ) who warns her that evil lurks within her new home , she tells a tale of an evil old witch known as the tooth fairy who takes baby teeth from children & then kills them .
pamela is worried & becomes even more so when she falls off her bike & her last baby tooth falls out ,
it 's not long before the evil ghost of the tooth fairy has her eyes on pamela 's tooth & just for kicks she also decides to kill anyone she comes across ...
directed by chuck bowman
i thought the tooth fairy was just another poor straight - to - video low budget horror film that fails to distinguish itself from the countless other 's which litter video shop shelves & fill late night obscure cable tv schedules , basically it 's not very good .
the script by producer stephen j. cannell , corey strode & cookie rae brown is a complete snooze - fest for the first 40 odd minutes , nothing of any great interest happen during this period at all & is basically dull exposition as if this stuff was going to surprise anyone .
it introduces the character 's , sets the tooth fairy legend up & that 's it .
the second half of the film improves slightly but even then it 's hardly spectacular stuff
, there are a few decent set - piece gore scenes but apart from that it 's all very predictable & forgettable stuff .
the character 's are n't great & most of them are there purely to be killed off , the story has inconsistencies like the story of the tooth fairy herself , it says she kills children after they give her their baby teeth
so why does she go on an indiscriminate killing spree that has nothing to do with teeth ?
what happened to her after the prologue set during 1949 ?
why has she come back as a ghost ?
despite being a ghost of some sort she seems very human having to open doors herself & using weapons to kill people , there is no attempt to make any use of the supernatural elements except the ghostly children who are played for maximum sentiment .
director bowman does ok
, it 's reasonably well made & there are a couple of half decent scenes but nothing to get that excited about .
there 's nothing i would describe as scary or atmospheric in here & do n't take any notice of the comparisons between this & darkness falls ( 2003 ) as besides the teeth thing they 're quite different .
the gore is ok , someone is shoved into a wood - chipping machine , there 's a decapitation , someone has their penis chopped off & the best scene when someone is nailed to a door & then has their stomach hacked open with an axe & their guts slide out .
with a supposed budget of about $ 1,500,000 the tooth fairy is generally well made
but there 's nothing special on show here .
the acting is n't anything great
but it 's not too bad & unusually i did n't find the child actors that annoying
so that 's something i suppose .
the tooth fairy is the usual just below average low budget modern straight - to - video horror fare that seems everywhere these days , if you can find a cheap copy then it might pass 90 odd minutes if your not too demanding
otherwise it 's pretty poor & forgettable stuff .
the acting , other reviews notwithstanding , was remarkably well - done .
brad pitt handles the role of an annoying , obnoxious austrian climber quite well .
other acting is fine .
the story could have been riveting , but somehow , it misses - one never really understands or cares for the characters shown , and so the story , which could have been quite dramatic , fails to draw in this audience .
beautiful scenery and cinematography , a remarkably dramatic true story , important events that shaped the world that we live in -
but i could not , try as i might , involve myself in this story .
as an unabashed brad pitt fan ( i consider him one of the top 5 actors of his generation ) , i expected to * love * this flick - and yet
, it left me cold .
it could be a failing within myself , but i tend to point toward the creative end of this movie - direction , scriptwriting , production , editing - somehow , they lost me .
it 's a shame , because it could have been wonderful .
good acting , dramatic story , beautifully shot
- it should have been magnificent .
it was n't .
probably worth watching , just to make your own mind up on it - but do n't expect too much , and perhaps you wo n't be as disappointed as i was .
mostly , it bored me .
where do i begin ?
i wanted to enjoy this movie , and i did .
still , i wanted to be able to enjoy it for being another zombie film that was worth my loot , and it was nt .
this was a different kind of enjoyment .
this was unhealthy , a perverse glee that i partook in watching one of the most ridiculous films i d seen yet .
and i do nt much care for whatever fulci 's excuses were , there was no excuse for this film going how it went .
this was a bad film all the way around , yet i still ca nt give it below a 4 out of ten , which is what i gave it , because well ... at least i was able to laugh at this misfit of a movie .
i had to imagine these zombies , that were all over the ceilings of these buildings everywhere ... had to imagine that they were either bored as hell
so they crawled up on the beems , and perched themselves high on stone erections , or they saw the fleshy living motley band of jerk - offs coming around , so they took it upon themselves to stage numerous aerial ambushes .
hell , what else is there to do when you re dead?i had to laugh at some zombies performing what looked to be martial arts swings , kicks , and jumps , and some shambling about like traditional meatlovers .
i feasted my eyes on a floating head that was never explained .
i watched in pure horrific delight as the land they were in , the phillipenes , was absolutely engulfed in fog , heavy doses of fog , and that the ponds were as they were boiling castle moats .
i had to even cringe when i saw that the design for a cure for this plague was sketched on a chalkboard as an octagon with lines stretching from each angle , with " dead one " written in the middle .
i had to ask myself ...
if the science of curing zombies is that easy , then i wonder if i could come up with a little something to start a zombie outbreak here!all in all the effects were overboard , the dubbing horrid , i m sure the original acting as poor , the story absurd ,
the zombies inconsistent , even in a bad way they could ve all been similar , and the women ugly ,
but i found myself enjoying this thing .
it was a fun watch .
it turned out to be a very very bad film , and i would not recommend this thing unless one is into bad directorial exploitation films , but still
, again i say ...
it was worth a good laugh .
i crave zombie films no matter what , but when this had fulci 's name attached to it , it should ve been much better .
let me dare say , zombie holocaust was better .
if you are a fan of really bad movies , and you think there funny , you will the great acting of shaq .
first off putting pro players in movies hardly ever works .
shaq had to of been the worst actor i have ever seen next to dennis rodman who also made a few bad movies .
well any way this movie is also bad due to the hideous kid .
i would give this a zero
but that is impossible .
the original is a relaxing watch , with some truly memorable animated sequences .
unfortunately , the sequel , while not the worst of the dtv sequels completely lacks the sparkle .
the biggest letdown is a lack of a story .
like belle 's magical world , the characters are told through a series of vignettes .
magical world , while marginally better , still manages to make a mess of the story .
in between the vignettes , we see the mice at work , and i personally think the antics of jaq and gus are the redeeming merits of this movie .
the first vignette is the best , about cinderella getting used to being to being a princess .
this is the best , because the mice were at their funniest here .
the worst of the vignettes , when jaq turns into a human , is cute at times , but has a lack of imagination .
the last vignette , when anastasia falls in love , was also cute .
the problem was , i could n't imagine anastasia being friendly with cinderella , as i considered her the meaner out of the stepsisters .
this was also marred by a rather ridiculous subplot about lucifer falling in love with pompom .
the incidental music was very pleasant to listen to;however
i hated the songs , they were really uninspired , and nothing like the beautiful tchaikovsky inspired melodies of the original .
the characters were the strongest development here .
cinderella while still caring , had lost her sincerity , and a lot of her charm from the original , though she does wear some very pretty clothes .
the duke had some truly funny moments
but they were n't enough to save the film , likewise with prudence and the king .
as i mentioned , the mice were the redeeming merits of the movie , as they alone contributed to the film 's cuteness .
i have to say also the animation is colourful and above average , and the voice acting was surprisingly good .
all in all , a cute , if unoriginal sequel , that was marred by the songs and a lack of a story .
4/10 for the mice , the voice acting , the animation and some pretty dresses .
bethany cox
i attended one of the premieres last night and have the following observations : 1 .
just because you 've directed a ton of music videos does not make you qualified to make movies .
the movie had an overabundance of lingering shots that made no sense , horrible angles , and terrible lighting .
the editing did n't help this mess at all .
when " dixie " shows up late for the memorial service her mother remarks about her hand
but it 's never clear what the heck
she 's talking about.2 .
the plot had promise , but the script was thin and full of ford truck sized holes .
we never get to understand what drives the characters , what 's really behind the conflicts they all have with each other or exactly how they resolve them .
sixteen years of distance is wiped out in 4 days seemingly by magic .
the deep conversations were marred by stupid clichés .
( in fact , the whole town was one big cliché of southern life . )
half the audience groaned when toby drawled "
ya got my blood runnin through your veins
gurl" ... and we were treated to that insipid line not once , but twice !
the revelations were yawn inducing , and the dramatic confessions boiled down to " i was stupid and stubborn".3 .
the acting was okay considering the wreck of a script they had to work with .
toby was dark and brooding most of the film , but when he smiled and lightened up he was charming .
it 's a shame he did n't have more screen time like that .
kelly preston 's acting chops are pretty rusty and it shows .
lindsay haun is talented and it 's certainly not her fault
the writers made her character so unlikeable in the beginning that you do n't blame her father for not coming to look for her .
burt reynolds and tess harper were able to make more of this movie but still looked more or less lost .
( and indeed , their characters get lost in this film ! )
if you 're a toby fan you 'll love the songs .
but often the movie felt like a scene was forced in just so they could feature one of his songs -- or the artists on his record label .
for instance , the movie 's official love song is " crash here tonight " .
you 'd think that would play around a tender love scene , but nope ...
we hear about 45 seconds of it as he 's heading to a memorial service .
it was as if they said " well , we got ta use this song somewhere " .
the song " broken " is haunting and the best thing to come out of this movie .
in summary ... a promising plot never fully develops and the movie is horribly uneven as it forceably tries to be a vehicle for toby keith 's music and product placement for ford trucks .
it goes from being about people rebuilding broken bridges to trying to be about the power of music but the story is told so poorly that both points get lost in this overgrown music video .
i like toby and really wanted to like " broken bridges " but the people he counted on to make this movie let him down and deserve one of his famous boots you know where .
this film is advertised as a clever romantic comedy .
it is neither clever nor romantic and it is definitely not an effective comedy .
the fortunes of the well meaning yet pathetic character , " tom " , oscillate from one extremely embarrassing disaster to another .
the only saving graces are the competent performance by toni collete and the frequency with which we glimpse paltrow 's pleasant face .
overall , to be avoided !
the next time you are at a party and someone asks , " the other day i heard the expression ' author 's will ' .
does anyone know what it means ?
" tell them to sit through ' head above water ' .
the only way diaz could possibly have survived this movie was by means of this literary device commonly used by bad writers .
there are some comic scenes and you will have a few laughs .
however the film does not stand up to the most minor logical analysis .
why does keitel tie diaz 's hand in front of her instead of behind ?
why so she can do the chainsaw gag of course .
for me the best part of this movie was that i saw it on a cable channel instead of spending four bucks at the video shop .
the first half of the film is ok , the second half one of the most tedious experiences imaginable .
quite possibly the most overrated movie of all time .
pulp fiction " was robbed for " best picture .
" this is one of those films that people feel required to love because the main character is " slow . "
the director , outfitted in chains and leather , warned the audience at the sf frameline film festival friday night that we were about to see an " experiental " film .
experimental ?
leave the video camera on the back seat of the car , let the tape roll and edit in all the pointless dreck within eyesight .
a meandering pastiche road show manqué that starts nowhere and takes the audience no place .
the gratuitous violence that opens the movie drove more than one patron from the castro theater .
i would have left , too , but my cine - buddy needed a ride home and has this thing about seeing even the worse merde through to the end .
by the time the lights came up the audience had thinned considerably .
tepid applause .
pro forma questions of the director who seemed pleased with the product .
avoid this film !
here 's an indie film i really wanted to like , but ultimately could not .
the lack of script ( boldly proclaimed in the main titles ) really shows through and kills the picture .
the story is a nonsensical mess that is n't worth trying to figure out .
i quickly became bored within 10 minutes , then suffered through the remainder of the first 40 minutes -- hoping for the best -- before hitting the chapter stops to ( mercifully ) get to the end ...
even that was n't worth the extra effort .
ozark savage clearly tries too hard to be clever , lifting its best sequences from evil dead 2 and the matrix .
as a result , there 's very little in ozark savage that has n't been done before , and better .
this film would have been much more fun as a 10 - 20 minute short , but as a feature , it just feels padded and forced .
of course , there 's no money in shorts , so i completely understand the financial reasons that i assume motivated it being stretched out to 75 + minutes .
director matt steinauer shows great promise , and i wish him luck .
this was not enjoyable to watch .
frank puts all his dreams on the back burner and gets a normal ( boring ! )
job just so his stepson can go to film school , but his stepson decides that he 'll make a humiliating documentary about the man instead .
a documentary filmmaker should point the camera and simply shoot , not manipulate and comment with snide captions .
the bitterness and resentment of the filmmaker towards his stepfather is obvious .
and sad .
the goal seems to be to make frank appear dumb and pathetic , instead he comes across as the most human of the 3 people featured .
essentially a smear campaign all dressed up as something much smarter and edgier than it really is .
it left me with an intense dislike for the filmmaker .
paul armstrong is a liberal , scottish - born , professor of law at harvard , known for his passionate opposition to the death penalty , who is hired to take on the case of bobby earl , a young black man from florida who has been convicted of the rape and murder of joanie shriver , an eleven year old white girl .
earl claims that his confession to the crime was obtained under duress by a sadistic police officer and that the real murderer is blair sullivan , a serial killer already under sentence of death for several other murders .
armstrong visits sullivan in his cell on death row , hoping to persuade him to confess to joanie 's murder , thereby saving earl from the electric chair .
at first all goes well .
sullivan confesses and earl is released from prison when the appeal court quashes his conviction .
as this development takes place only a little after halfway through the film , it is at this point that alarm bells will start ringing in the mind of the viewer .
warning !
major plot twist ahead ! "
and so it proves .
the anticipated twist soon materialises .
earl , it transpires , is actually guilty of the crime of which he has just been acquitted , and probably of several others as well , but hatched a diabolical plan together with sullivan in order to secure his freedom ; sullivan will confess to joanie 's murder if earl will murder his parents .
( just why sullivan wanted his parents dead is never precisely explained ) .
armstrong now finds that he is himself in danger from the man whose life he has just saved ; earl has a grudge against armstrong 's wife , herself a lawyer , who acted as counsel for the prosecution in an earlier case when earl was accused of rape .
just cause " is an example of the auto - cannibalism in which hollywood sometimes likes to indulge , cobbling together one film by recycling themes and plot devices from a number of others .
the first half owes an obvious debt to films like " intruder in the dust " and " to kill a mockingbird " ; about the only difference is that the sheriff who beats a confession out of bobby earl is himself black , whereas in earlier films he would have been white .
( police brutality is now an equal opportunities activity ) .
the central twist in the plot was borrowed from costa - gavras 's " music box " , although in that film the revelation does not occur until the very end .
the finale , in which a lawyer , his wife and their young daughter are in danger from a former client , is an obvious plagiarism of the two versions of " cape fear " , which also take place in the swamplands of the american south .
ed harris ' characterisation of sullivan as a bible - quoting religious maniac is a direct imitation of robert de niro 's character in the scorsese version of " cape fear " , made four years before " just cause " .
( there is a postscript .
just as " just cause " borrowed heavily from several other movies , seven years later its central plot twist was , in its turn , to be blatantly plagiarised in the ashley judd vehicle " high crimes " ) .
the trouble with this style of film - making - by - numbers is that the resulting films are generally much less distinguished than those which inspired them .
the whole is normally very much less than the sum of the parts , and " just cause " is a much lesser film than any of those which were cannibalised to make it .
harris is normally a gifted actor but this is one of his weakest performances , largely because he is not so much playing a character as playing de niro playing max cady .
blair underwood is ok as bobby earl the ( supposedly ) innocent young man of the early scenes , but unconvincing as bobby earl the murderous psychopath of the later ones .
sean connery as armstrong and laurence fishburne as the black sheriff are rather better , but neither is good enough to save the film .
( connery and harris were to act together in another , better , film , " the rock " , the following year ) .
there is another problem with " just cause " .
the first half of the film looks like a standard liberal " issue " movie , anti - death penalty , anti - racist and critical of heavy - handed policing .
the second half looks more like the work of a die - hard reactionary , preaching the message that all criminals are evil bastards , that the only way to deal with them is to fry them in the chair , that liberal lawyers are the useful idiots of the criminal fraternity and that police officers who beat up suspects are to be commended as heroes .
the filmmakers seem to have been blissfully unaware that the plot twist casually introduced into the middle of their film had the ( presumably unwanted ) effect of reversing its political stance , or if they were aware of the problem they ignored it .
a suitably convoluted plot was obviously thought to be more important than political consistency .
an okay film , with a fine leading lady , but a terrible leading man .
stephan jenkins , who plays the husband , is a truly bad actor .
joyce hyser , on the other hand , is the movie 's saving grace .
she 's the best actor of the bunch .
* the first comment , by the fellow who heaped praise upon the movie ( and , according to his imdb.com account , has only written one review -- and guess for what movie ? ) is obviously a plant .
while the movie is nicely shot , it 's by no means subtle or great or whatever other hypobolic descriptions the reviewer used .
"art of revenge " is a fair movie , but it 's a big tease .
it offers up all manner of sexual situations but never goes through with it .
like watching a skin flick on cinemax , but with all the " naughty bits " edited out .
the film , as a whole , is a bit unfocused and the ending , and much of the third act , is really a big mess .
there 's a twist ending , of course , since every movie nowadays finds it necessary to have a twist ending .
a 4 out of 10 .
i did n't think it was possible for a horror comedy film to fail so abysmally on both fronts ....
really awful .
the fact that it does n't take itself seriously ( usually a good thing ) works against it , primarily because the actors are so wooden you really would swear they are reading cue cards .
on the upshot though ..... the mst3 k version , as always , has a few laughs ....
this film story is bad enough , which can happen in real life .
i 'm very can not understand when they show us this bad film .
i say it was bad because there is some reason .
if madonna was rich and can do everything she want , then why she falling in love with that bad man .
how can the story script is so weak ?
she was so rich , can do everything she want , but not dare to divorce her husband that is very impossible .
the words i love you
, it does n't meant anything in this film .
a vietnam vet decides to take over a backwater town run amok , and anyone who steps in his path is eliminated ( including women ) .
released to theaters just prior to " a star is born " , which turned his career around , this action - drama mishmash starring kris kristofferson is wildly off - kilter , thoughtless and mean - spirited .
filmed in simi valley , ca , the results are truly unseemly , with redneck clichés and mindless violence making up most of director george armitage 's script .
armitage has gathered a most curious ' 70s cast for his film , including jan - michael vincent , victoria principal , bernadette peters , and , in a bit , loni anderson ; however , the center of the whole thing is kristofferson , who is gruff and rude throughout .
it deserves points i suppose for being a completely unsympathetic drive - in thriller , but the bad vibes ( and the ridiculous climax ) coat the whole project like an ugly stain .
from * * * *
what else is left to say?i've read all the reviews here and most are right on . .
however , one person even went so far as to call this movie evil and that satan tainted it ( or something along those lines ) .
evil ? !
wow , what a shocker .
i mean , tbn basically made this film .
open your eyes please .
anway , this was the very lowest grade of propoghanda nonsense that has come along in years .
the most terrifying thing about omega code is how much money they spent to make it .
if this movie can be made , there are no limits , and therefore , we have no choice but to get ready for " yentl 2 " , and " ernest loses the omega codes .
those of you who are into the biblical stories , the new movie dogma will pickup where omega code never started .
problem child is one of the worst movies i have seen in the last decade !
this is a bad movie about a savage boy adopted by two parents , but he gets into trouble later .
that junior can drive grandpa 's car .
he can scare people with a bear .
he can put a room on fire !
it is a bad movie as much as battlefield earth .
a sequel is an even worse fate .
rent chicken run instead.*1/2 out of
* * * *
i give it .
this romantic comedy is n't too bad .
there are some funny things happening here and there , and there are some rather memorable characters in it .
the acting , however , is amateurish ( with the exception of the banker ) .
while some scenes are great fun , others are simply embarrassing .
in particular , i found the " romantic " part of the story poor .
all in all , i guess it 's worth seeing if you like football and romantic comedies .
it 's not really a bad movie , and the ending did feel quite good .
just do n't expect anything out of the ordinary .
fair enough if you have an hour and a quarter to kill .
the monster from enemy mine somehow made his way into a small mountain community , where he has taken up residence .
he 's being hunted by a female doctor - turned - vigilante who is out to exterminate him .
this female assassin , who looks like a refugee from a motley crue video , rides around on a motorcycle and tries to save a bunch of kids who have chosen to have a big chill weekend right smack dab in the middle of the monster 's turf .
decapitations and lots of blood are primarily in place to draw attention away from the story which limps along like a bad version of the island of dr. moreau ( and yes , it 's worse than the one with val kilmer ) .
oh my god what the hell happened here ? ! !
i 'm not going to say this again
but what sort of backward movie is this ?
the dubbing in this is way worst than the dubbing in " king kong vs godzilla",linda miller had to be the worst actress in it and the suits are really cheesy .
its about some villain called dr .
who who gets henchmen to build a robot gorilla that has the same strength as king kong
but when this robot breaks down he builds another one and then tries to kidnap kong .
when he does(thats when linda miller gets annoying)he makes kong his slave but everything goes wrong and king kong escapes .
then dr .
who sends the robot after him .
later when i was watching the movie i got a headache when linda miller and the other clowns started moaning .
as i sat through the misery of watching the dvd while it was playing i was hoping that the madness in the movie was going to end until the fight .
the ending has to be a really bad one because they could 've shown kong back on his island fighting dinosaurs again .
don't watch the movie under any circumstances or if you do ... beware of the disappointment you will receive .
wanda nevada is a pubescent fantasy movie using circa 1979 ideas of what constitutes illicit romance for 13 year old girls .
script , pacing , and direction are uniformly awful .
action sequences defy belief .
characters speak with the simplified diction one usually finds in films aimed at the under 10 set , but also includes multiple sexual references involving shields ' character as well as graphic deaths .
the movie wants to be a comedy on some level but is never funny , an adventure picture but plot and action are insipid , and a children 's movie but introduces pedophilia and child rape as real possibilities .
it also wants to be a buddy picture , a coming of age picture , a ghost movie , an indian spiritual movie , a travelogue , and a western .
the overall affect is of massive stupidity with a nasty twist .
wanda nevada is a complete waste of time unless you want to see a good many terrific shots of the grand canyon .
that it manages to do just fine .
that 's the question you have to ask yourself when you watch this movie
" what was the point ?
this movie was nothing but an hour and a half of confusion with completely unlikable people ( not going to use the word actors ) and a script that you could tell did n't exist .
one of the things that made me laugh the most about this movie was how it said " victorian story written by " which means that there was actually a script to that part of the story .
the entire victorian section had no dialogue , and was just comprised of shots of a guy staring at a girl and vice versa .
making that part of the movie as scripted as a camera left on at a train station .
ok , time for the story .
it starts out with a guy sitting in a chair never once getting out of it .
oh blocking , who needs you ?
these newspeople come to his house and practically beg him to tell this story about these dead girls .
so he starts off the story in victorian times .
and here 's how the scene goes ( guy and girl are in a field .
pretty music starts to play )
( guy stares at girl )
( girl stares at guy )
( guy stares at girl ) cut back to movie .
that 's pretty much all that happens for about half the movie .
the rest of the film is incredibly awkward dialogue about a bunch of models wanting to buy an apartment .
so this real estate agent shows them one and when i say the dialogue is awkward
i mean , if it were a dancer it would trip during the macarena .
none of the characters in this movie are likable .
the models are incredibly irritating , the victorian people do n't talk , and the guy telling the story has the personality of a sack of onions .
so eventually all the girls get killed off .
and by killed off , i mean drug offscreen .
you showed one death ?
and by death i mean holding her face till they put the blood makeup on ?
awesome .
how this guy even knows this story baffles me .
he says it 's because he saw it .
but how ?
there was no guy in that apartment !
the door was locked shut with no way out , the windows were attached to a fire escape that was too rotten to work , how the hell did he see all that ?
oh plot holes .
we do love you .
so the movie finishes up with the newswoman saying " i think you made it up .
you 're wasting our time " despite the fact that she begged him for the interview in the first place .
whatever .
this movie was stupid , pointless , and made no sense with a lot of plot holes .
i could go on and on about this movie , but i do n't see the need .
i 'd much rather spend my time doing something uselful .
like widdle something .
hell 's threshold " more belongs in purgatory with 2 dumb models .
out of 10 .
admittedly , parsifal is not an opera that can appeal to everyone , although it is a favourite of mine , knappertsbusch , 1951 , in particular .
syberberg 's entire approach is so static .
whenever the music suddenly begins to swell ...
syberberg keeps the cast moving at the same pace .
the takes on amfortas and klingsor are endless .
whatever happened to film editing ?
the result is physically exhausting to watch .
the viewer is never spiritually transported .
your impulse is to rush home and play a recording again to confirm that wagner got it right , syberberg got it wrong .
and that set decoration with those " clever " reminders of wagner 's anti - semitism -- will there ever be a viewer of this film with no prior knowledge of wagner ?
as the front cover says " the hamlet of our time , for our time" .
i had to study this filmed version of hamlet directly after watching keneth branagh 's version and it was truly a disappointing experience .
this version takes a different approach to several aspects of the play including sexuality ; one very very homosexual osric and an interesting interaction between hamlet and ophelia .
i think for the time ( 60 's ) this was a very well done version of hamlet but can not compare to branagh 's complete version.just a note ...
i found the video at my local video store ( in australia ) and i 'm actually looking for a keneth branagh dvd to buy if such a thing even exists .
if anyone knows of one please tell me .
i 've seen some crappy movies in my life , but this one must be among the very worst .
definately bottom 100 material ( imo , that is).we follow two couples , the dodds ( billy bob thornton as lonnie earl and natasha richardson as darlene ) and the kirkendalls ( patrick swayze as roy and charlize theron as candy ) in one car on a roadtrip to reno .
apparently , lonnie is n't too happy with his sex - life , so he cheats on his wife with candy , who 's despirately trying to have a baby .
roy , meanwhile , is n't too sure if his sperm is ok so he 's getting it checked by a doctor .
now , i had read the back of the dvd , but my girlfriend did n't , and she blurted out after about 20 minutes : '
oh yeah
, she 's gon na end up pregnant
but her husband ca n't have any baby 's ' .
spot on , as this movie is soooo predictable .
as well as boring .
and annoying .
meaningless .
offensive .
terrible .
an example of how much this movie stinks .
the two couples set out in their big car towards nevada , when they are stopped by 2 police - officers , as they did n't stop at a stop - sign .
the guys know each other and finally bribe the two officers with a case of beer .
not only is this scene pointless and not important ( or even relevant ) for the movie , it takes about 5 minutes !
it 's just talk and talk and talk , without ever going somewhere .
i still have to puke thinking about the ending though .
apparently , roy isn't having problems down there so he is the father of the child .
how many times does that happen in the movies ... try something new !
the cheated wife ultimately forgives her husband and best friend for having the affair and they all live happily ever after .
yuck .
best scene of the movie is right at the end , with a couple of shots of the grand canyon .
why could n't they just keep the camera on that for 90 minutes?one would expect more from this cast ( although thornton really tries ) , but you ca n't really blame them .
writers , shame on you!1/10 .
the tragedy is that this piece of rubbish was part of my curriculum while i was studying cinema .
so imagine how i was forced to watch it in complete .
believe me going through hell
is much much easier .
our professor told us that this is some film ? ? ? , but he never thought that we 'd disagree or assume the apposite .
i do n't think that there is any gods on earth , we 're only humans , so all the filmmakers , therefore they can make mistakes , bad movies .. or very bad too .
the main problem was n't that art , by all means , is susceptible to endless points of view , but that a lot of people just do n't get it , that every single human got his own genuine taste , his own opinion , hence what i suppose it the greatest movie ever made , can also be your worst one ever , and how that is right both ways , but how many people can understand this correctly ? .
so my professor believes in this movie , and simply i do n't .
however , the only way to evaluate this " thing " is by measuring it by its original intent to show us different kinds of old folk stories or whatever to catch on this society 's mentality , imagination , and nature .
to tell you the damn truth mr. pier paolo pasolini as the scriptwriter and the director made it too unbearable to watch in the first place .
the movie is so ugly .
i ca n't stand this , so how about analyzing it , then discovering the potential beauty in it ! !
it 's beyond your mind hideousness , and strangely not for the sake of the movie 's case or anything , it 's for the sake of the unstable vision of ( pasolini ) .
his work is so primitive to underdeveloped extent .
the deadly cinematic technique , the effective sense of silliness , and the incredible horribleness made everything obnoxious .
look at the atrocious acting , the unfruitful cinematography , the awfully poor sets , ..
my god i 've got the nausea already .
it can terminate your objectivity violently as watching this movie is one true pain like taking the wisdom tooth off by a blind doctor .
there are dreadful nightmares which could be more merciful than this .
so originally , how to continue that just to review it fairly ?
actually , you do n't .
as this very movie does n't treat you fair at all .
there is really memorable scene in here where some boys are peeing into the eye of the camera ( ! )
i 'm trying to connect some things like that with pasolini 's end as murdered .
i got all excited when i saw the ads for this movie because i recently read the book and really enjoyed it .
the movie , however , did not meet my expectations .
having read the book recently prepared me for big let down as often happens when stories are translated into movies .
the characters did n't seem to fit very well with the book .
the direction was weak .
i had a hard time getting into the characters .
there was n't a real connection with the viewer about what was going on .
the dialog did n't explain adequately what was happening .
it just seemed slapped together and rushed through .
all in all i was very disappointed with the movie .
i suppose if you have n't read the book , it might be ok by itself .
at the very least , it might entice you to read the book , which you 'll probably enjoy more .
the fight scenes play like slow - motion jackie chan and the attempts at wit are pathetic ( worst pun by far : " guess what ?
this time i heard you coming " ) .
the stars are a mismatched pair :
brandon lee , despite the terrible lines he has to say , actually shows traces of charisma and screen charm - things that dolph lundgren is completely free of ( at least in this movie ) .
note to the director : in the future , please stay away from any love scenes , especially when your main actress wo n't do any nudity and you have to rely extensively on a body double .
( * 1/2 )
i watched the first 15 minutes , thinking it was a real documentary ( with an irritatingly overly dramatic " on camera "
producer).when i realized it was all staged i thought " why would i want to waste my time watching this junk ? ?
so i turned it off and came online to warn other people .
the characters do n't act in a believable way .
too much immature emotion .
for a guy to travel half way around the world into a war torn country , he acted like a kid .
and i do n't believe it was because " his character was so upset about the trade center bombings".very trite and stupid.have
you seen " city of lost children " ?
french dark fantasy film about a guy who kidnaps kids and steals their dreams ...
i liked it !
i sat through this movie this evening , forcing myself to stick with it even though i never cared about any of the characters or what happened to them , because the two leads , gérard philippe and michèle morgan , were major film stars of their era
and i wanted to see them in " something different , " which this certainly was .
they both gave fine performances , but of distasteful characters .
indeed , the whole movie is about a shabby little town in mexico inhabited by almost uniformly distasteful characters ( the doctor is , of course , the major exception ) .
what michèle morgan ever sees in philippe to fall in love with him is never explained .
this is supposedly based on a work by jean - paul sartre .
all i could think was that , if sartre 's work is anything like this movie , it must be a very mediocre attempt at imitating camus ' masterful novel the plague , which dealt with a plague in north africa .
a well - acted but uninteresting movie .
as usual , on imdb , going by the majority vote instead of the " weighted average " is far more indicative of the movie 's entertainment value .
in this case , the majority gives it a " one " .
how right they are !
to start my review , i 'll first admit that i am completely clueless as to why this movie is titled " alien intruder " .
it does involve space and even an " alien " ( i suppose ) , but there 's no rhyme or reason ( at all ) for anything in the long run , at least , no actual plot basis or resolution that i can make out anywhere .
there are quite a few scenes that are so atrocious ( with regard to both the lines , the timing , and how they are spoken ) , that it far exceeds the weird feeling you get when watching similar really bad movies .
i have no idea about that part near the beginning where an electronic bugs bunny seems to be ranting about something .
the " plot " solely involves an area of space known as the g - spot , sorry , make that g - sector ... and a virtual reality program infected with some sort of alien ( ? ) virus .
i think it is alien since the image of the otherwise normal ariel appears as a photographic negative .
for most of the movie , we see people getting shot with space weapons , falling out of lofts , and seemingly endless , pointless close shots of " where 's ariel ? " , " ca n't find ariel " ( pointless because most of the other shots include interaction with ariel , anyway - whatever ) on a computer monitor .
commander skyler ( billy dee ) , sits and watches each fantasy of the convict 's vr programs hoping to find this alien virus and become one with it ... ? ? ?
or maybe i missed something ...
billy dee williams took a few courses on " how to act in despair " prior to the filming of this .
we know this because he spends a lot of time moving his fingers down over his face and looking mournful .
the docking scene with the nose of one ship going into the rear of the other was semi - hilarious at least , and provided for a laugh in addition to the early scenes where we see several shots of the ship as it is just spinning in a circle , looking much like a lego experiment gone awry .
it seems everyone dies in this movie , so why bother ?
even the vr females get killed , as if that is supposed to mean anything ( especially since everyone else dies anyway) ... outrageous .
because of the money i save on groceries , i wo n't rant about wanting my money back that i paid for the dvd of this .
the dollar that i saved on that bag of vanilla wafers paid for this reviewer 's time .
i'll just add that the story itself , at least as a novel , and with far more detail added , could probably be quite interesting with the right author.1/10
i am uncertain what to make of this misshapen 2007 dramedy .
attempting to be a new millennium cross - hybrid between on golden pond and the prince of tides , this film ends up being an erratic mess shifting so mercurially between comedy and melodrama that the emotional pitch always seems off .
the main problem seems to be the irreconcilable difference between garry marshall 's sentimental direction and mark andrus ' dark , rather confusing screenplay .
the story focuses on the unraveling relationship between mother lilly and daughter rachel , who have driven all the way from san francisco to small - town hull , idaho where grandmother georgia lives .
the idea is for lilly to leave rachel for the summer under georgia 's taskmaster jurisdiction replete with her draconian rules since the young 17-year old has become an incorrigible hellion .
the set - up is clear enough , but the characters are made to shift quickly and often inexplicably between sympathetic and shrill to fit the contrived contours of the storyline .
it veers haphazardly through issues of alcoholism , child molestation and dysfunctional families until it settles into its pat resolution .
the three actresses at the center redeem some of the dramatic convolutions but to varying degrees .
probably due to her off - screen reputation and her scratchy smoker 's voice , lindsay lohan makes rachel 's promiscuity and manipulative tactics palpable , although she becomes less credible as her character reveals the psychological wounds that give a reason for her hedonistic behavior .
felicity huffman is forced to play lilly on two strident notes - as a petulant , resentful daughter to a mother who never got close to her and as an angry , alcoholic mother who starts to recognize her own accountability in her daughter 's state of mind .
she does what she can with the role on both fronts , but her efforts never add up to a flesh - and - blood human being .
at close to seventy , jane fonda looks great , even as weather - beaten as she is here , and has the star presence to get away with the cartoon - like dimensions of the flinty georgia .
the problem i have with fonda 's casting is that the legendary actress deserves far more than a series of one - liners and maternal stares .
between this and 2005 's execrable monster - in - law , it does make one wonder if her best work is behind her .
it should come as no surprise that the actresses ' male counterparts are completely overshadowed .
garrett hedlund looks a little too surfer - dude as the naïve harlan , a devout mormon whose sudden love for rachel could delay his two - year missionary stint .
cary elwes plays on a familiar suspicious note as lilly 's husband , an unfortunate case where predictable casting appears to telegraph the movie 's ending .
there is also the omnipresent dermot mulroney in the morose triple - play role of the wounded widower , lilly 's former flame and rachel 's new boss as town veterinarian dr. simon ward .
laurie metcalf has a barely - there role as simon 's sister paula , while marshall regular hector elizondo and songsmith paul williams show up in cameos .
some of andrus ' dialogue is plain awful and the wavering seriocomic tone never settles on anything that feels right .
there are several small extras with the 2007 dvd , none all too exciting .
marshall provides a commentary track that has plenty of his trademark laconic humor .
there are several deleted scenes , including three variations on the ending , and a gag reel .
a seven - minute making - of featurette is included , as well as the original theatrical trailer , a six - minute short spotlighting the three actresses and a five - minute tribute to marshall .
unfortunately i made a mistake and i paid 7 euros at the movie theater to watch this shallow meaningless movie .
my points;film is based on 2 things;1 )
ethnical point of view : as it happens on most of the american films , the writer thinks itself as an expert after learning 2 or 3 things about the asian culture .
but unfortunately it is not enough .
knowing kunefe and 2 names of other foods does n't make a person understand a culture .
for example shaving is the sign of clean life in asia but everyone was trying the girl to stop that .
lebanese people are christian ( ok they got that ) and their cultural forms and beliefs and approaches are completely different from other arabic countries .
the main difference between eastern and western culture is we do n't make ethnocentrism .
so we do n't judge people after their first question about our life as the father figure did in all of the film .
2 ) sexual revolution of a girl : there is nothing much to say about this .
show me 10 girls which had these on their sexual awakening than i will say that i am wrong .
i wrote this comment because the producers are promoting the film in the black humor genre .
please watch dr .
strangelove and understand the meaning of black humor .
a black humor has to reflect the truth and has to focus the audience to the funny parts of it .
where is the truth ?
where is the meaning about the movie .
i admit that the majority of this film was uninspired , but i was still entertained .
it has a wonderful sense of frenetic energy , above average music , and the women in the film fiercely defend themselves , there 's no prissies here .
i can think of dozens of other films that were way worse , at least this one had an intriguing plotline along with some social commentary .
they allude to how the military deals with viral epidemics , destroy everything in sight , even if it means the people you 're supposed to be saving .
also , how dangerous martial law can be since at that point
democracy ceases to exist .
fulci seemed to attempt to combine his earlier work(zombie , beyond , gates of hell)in an effort to somehow improve on them .
he failed , but definitely not miserably , like a number of people would have you think .
i have a soft spot for zombie films , so i admit that i 'm somewhat biased when it comes to reviewing them .
all i 'm saying is that this movie is good for one time around , if there was n't so much descension in the making of this film(fulci quit and bruno(i can hack with the best of them)mattei took over)it could have been much better and more focused .
it 's going to stay in my collection as fulci 's zombie swan song .
one surprising note , is that there is a scene in zombie 3 that cemetery man actually ripped off
, i could n't believe it myself , check it out
you 'll be surprised .
yes , marie dresler drinks prune juice that she thinks is poison and she exits running .
dresler is good .
never my cup of tea
but she is a solid performer who surely holds the screen .
i watched this for polly moran , whom i 've seen elsewhere .
here , moran is ok -- just ok -- as dressler 's shrewish friend / foe .
too bad she has sunk into nearly total oblivion .
the plot is good hearted .
bad guys try to rob the townspeople .
dressler triumphs and all ends well .
i do wonder about the central plot mechanism : bonds .
this came out during the depression
so maybe everyone was familiar with bonds and what they can do if used well and if used wrongly .
i , however , not of that era , am vaguely familiar with them .
they 're like stocks only different , right ?
it seems odd to build a story about the little man around a somewhat sophisticated monetary entity .
this short spoof can be found on elite 's millennium edition dvd of " night of the living dead " .
good thing to as i would have never went even a tad out of my way to see it .
replacing zombies with bread sounds just like silly harmless fun on paper .
in execution , it 's a different matter .
this short did n't even elicit a chuckle from me .
i really never thought i 'd say this , but " night of the day of the dawn of the son of the bride of the return of the revenge of the terror of the attack of the evil , mutant , alien , flesh eating , hellbound , zombified living dead part 2 :
in shocking 2-d " was a very better parody and not nearly as lame or boring .
my grade : f
the head of a common new york family , jane gail ( as mary barton ) , works with her younger sister ethel grandin ( as loma barton ) at " smyrner 's candy store " .
after ms. grandin is abducted by dealers in the buying and selling of women as prostituted slaves , ms. gail and her policeman boyfriend matt moore ( as larry burke ) must rescue the virtue - threatened young woman . "traffic
in souls " has a reputation that is difficult to support - it is n't remarkably well done , and it does n't show anything very unique in having a young woman 's " virtue " threatened by sex traders .
perhaps , it can be supported as a film which dealt with the topic in a greater than customary length ( claimed to have been ten reels , originally ) .
the new york city location scenes are the main attraction , after all these years .
the panning of the prisoners behind bars is memorable , because nothing else seems able to make the cameras move .
* * * * traffic in souls
( 11/24/13 )
george loane tucker ~ jane gail , matt moore , ethel grandin
run ... do not walk away from this movie ! ! ! ! !
aimed at the very young kids , this movie will bore you to tears .
if the gamera trilogy of the 90 's raised the bar , this film just lowered it .
it 's slow paced and the monster fighting is good , but seldom seen .
this movie had me dry heaving in the cat box .
just a very poor offering after a phenomenal 90 's series .
spoilers beyond this point ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
here are the top 10 reasons gamera fans of the 90 's series will hate this film.10 .
this movie is a drama that follows a kid trying to cope with the death of his mother and fears losing baby gamera to a fight after knowing his father saw the adult gamera die.9 .
you see the adult gamera for maybe a minute at the beginning of the film .
he gets his butt kicked by a few gyaos and self destructs ? ? ?
he looks old and lethargic .
plus he looks nothing like any gamera you 've ever seen .
his suit looked cheap and rushed.8 .
the young gamera you see through the rest of the film looks like a pokemon .
big - eyed and cute ...
it will remind you of the baby godzilla from godzilla vs mechagodzilla 2 .
gamera is now too cute.7 .
this movie has the pace of watching a nascar race during a 3 hour rain delay .
i watched this movie with 2 other gamera fans and nobody was happy with how slowly this film moved along .
i 've seen an suv full of fat people going up a mountain road move
faster.6 .
like godzilla :
final wars , this movie had very little kaiju time on screen .
final wars had much more , actually , and better fights although short.5 .
kids take the title role .
the friend of all children theme and poor writing killed the original gamera series in the 1970 's and history repeats itself in the 2000 's .
the most successful gamera films abandoned the sesame street feel and went to a darker place .
why go back to a failed formula ?
this was to be a new trilogy and poor ticket sales killed any hope for this story to continue ( thank god).4 .
gamera lost his iconic roar .
he now sounds like an elephant with strep throat.3 .
this movie may produce a new olympic event .....
imagine a relay race that involves sending very young children into harm 's way .
you have to see the ending to understand this point .
where were the parents ?
oh yea ..
right there sending their kids into a kaiju battle zone.2 .
the special effects were good , but sub - par for a gamera movie .
legion and iris had better effects .
the best effect was showing the apple sized baby gamera fly .
not too impressive.1 .
this movie is just not what adult kaiju fans come to expect .
the director was involved in power rangers and it shows .
it comes off like a cross between et , always :
sunset on third street and tmnt .
kudos if you know all 3 references .
rental at best or watch once if you buy it to complete the dvd series .
this movie is terrible .
the suspense is spent waiting for a point .
there is n't much of one .
aside from a few great lines ( " i found a tooth in my apartment " ) , and the main characters dedication to killing himself
, it 's a collection of supposedly eerie sounds .
fiction film ( it lists as based on a story though it does have a " documented by " credit ) about a group of scientists going into the wilds of canada to try and find a bigfoot.(they want to capture one and then attach a tracking device ) .
its lots of scientific mumbo jumbo mixed in what is really a dull film of a bunch of people wandering around in the wilderness .
there are some attempts at creating tension and scares , but to be perfectly honest there is nothing here worth seeing outside of some great looking shots of the wilds .
this is a perfect definition of an exploitation film , it promises you so much , a look at bigfoot , but in reality it delivers very little .
recommended for insomniacs only
a female country singer nicknamed " big t"--seriously , that 's what they call her -- risks her budding musical career and her life by falling into the company of a sleazy drunkard ( busey ) who wants to be her manager .
his mother committed suicide , his father 's an alcoholic as well , and he has a violent temper .
you can imagine where that leads .
in the meantime , there 's music aplenty , as parton , with her fluid vocal talents , belts out song after song ( at least half a dozen of them about texas ) .
steer clear of this mess and check her out in nine to five or steel magnolias instead .
there 's a group of fox tv executives sitting around a boardroom table wondering what new show to commission . '
how about aiming for something like 24 or the west wing ? ' says one of them , but they all agree it would be too expensive , and cheap tv is less likely to harm the station if it flops . '
well , how about getting together some great comedy writers and doing a quality sitcom ? ' offers another and is fired on the spot . '
do n't you know good writers cost lots of money ! '
the big chief barks . '
that 's why we invented reality
tv.''we could do yet another crime drama ... ' suggests a man in a bland suit . '
i 'm listening ... '
the boss replies , suddenly interested . '
people like csi , so let 's do another copy of that , ' blandman adds .
'but there are already far too many csi clones out there
, what can we do to make ours stand out ? '
a naive junior enquires and is sacked instantly . '
stand out !
if we do that people may be confused !
let 's give them more of what they already like ! '
the big chief screams . '
let 's just add more violence and make it really grisly , we are fox after all , '
another suit suggests to a hearty reply of ' now you 're getting it ' , from the big chief . '
we could make them the deviant crimes unit , ' he goes on to add , clearly on a roll . '
by jove , he 's got it ! '
the big chief laughs , ' and the victims could be beautiful and vulnerable women who wear very little on screen . ' '
well that would certainly distract people from the average acting and poor scripts , ' blandman points out . '
then it 's settled , we just need a name , ' the big chief announces . '
we could call it sex cops violence ? ' '
too literal , how about killer instinct  it conveys violence , but sounds a bit like basic instinct which had lots of sex . ' ' puuurfect ' , the big chief replies
and then they all slap each other on the back and go and cancel arrested development .
my thoughts on the movie , 9it was not good , not good at all .
visually , it was great .
i was pleased with the pacing , the camera angles , etc .
however , the characters ?
eh , kinda bland .
plot ?
it sucked .
this movie seemed more new age crap than anything else .
organized religion is presented as cowardly and fearful .
science is n't portrayed any better .
it creates a monster weapon that kills everything ... but " souls " have the power to destroy monsters and bring life ?
really?that 's something that bites my ass a bit too .
here we have a cgi movie ... created with science ...
and they 're using it to give us the message that science will destroy the world while promoting the idea that spirituality will save us ?
at least they had the decency to have one of the characters ask,"okay , so now what ? "
( or something similar ) .
i could n't hear it too well because of the crowd immediately getting up and making a break for the exit .
it was a " okay ... it was just barely entertaining enough to sit here for the entire movie but now let 's get out of here as fast as possible ! "
type of exit .
this is one of those movies where you ca n't think if you want to enjoy it .
just look at the visuals and nod your head prettily .
any thought as to , " what 's the point of that ? " will suck you out of disbelief and make you eye the exit sign with longing .
okay ...
spoilers follow .
so , basically , a scientist creates " the machine " that is capable of creating other , intelligent , robotic life .
evil humans use it as a weapon .
however , the scientist realizes that he is also at fault .
he gave the machine his intellect , but did n't give it his heart .
the machine goes skynet on humanity 's collective ass and wipes out all life on earth , finally slowly powering down .
however , the scientist manages to survive and create walking sock - puppets .
each one , containing a piece of the scientist 's soul .
the last one , # 9 wakes up not knowing anything about the world .
he sees a strange device nearby and picks it up .
he meets up with another like himself , # 2 .
well , # 2 gets captured by a last surviving robot of the machine .
# 9 finds more like himself ands sets off to rescue # 2 .
they succeed.#9 notices that there is a matching hole that fits the device perfectly .
he inserts it and the machine comes back to life ... pulling out # 2 's soul in the process .
the movie then continues with action scenes with # 9 trying to rescue his soul - yanked compatriots .
they eventually succeed and destroy the machine .
they release the souls of their fallen friends , who go up into the clouds .
it then rains and we see life returning back to the planet .
hunh?!?that makes no sense .
none at all .
why the heck did the scientist want to split his soul into 9 homunculi ?
what did it accomplish ?
were they created to stop the machine ?
everything is dead !
the machine was dead !
why bother?!?why did he expect nine little critters to succeed when nothing else had ?
why not create a second intellectual machine , but with a " soul " to fight the first ..
at least that would have seemed like it would have had a reasonable chance at success .
why did they have to have their souls sucked into the device by the machine and then destroy the machine and then release the souls in order to bring life back to earth ?
why not just wait for the machine to power down and bring life back without all the rest of the insane steps ?
what an insult to olivia d'abo who plays the film 's heroine , robin , to have keanu reeves appear so large on the box art of the film ( and at least on recent reissues , to have only reeves appear on the box ) , considering that she was the star .
i realize that it is his name that will ultimately sell this long - forgotten after school special , but at least give the woman some credit .
despite that , this has to be one of the worst teen sports - themed films that i have ever seen , and it strives very hard to add not only every teen and sports movie cliché from the class warfare between the feuding gymnasts to the teen romance .
and , in striving to somehow deliver itself as an amateur alternative of flashdance ( with the music in one of the warehouse dance scenes is even quite close to michael sembello 's notable ' maniac ' which was made famous by flashdance , or was it the other way around ? ) .
it includes similar dance sequences and worse yet , even the 80s dance and sports traditions of corny dance - offs between the heroine and her antagonist(s ) , the one who doubts her successes and abilities on the team .
we saw this in trashin ' ( a vert ramp joust ) and rad ( bmx dancing at the prom , although it was n't much for competition , but rather for fun ) for example .
in fact , this movie is chock full of unrealistic corniness , such as the somewhat homo - erotic rolling in the clothes at the salvation army with robin and her friend from the team .
nonetheless , the film is about a young girl who comes from a rather poor background .
to top it off in a massive need to squeeze from audiences as much sympathy as possible , she lives with her ailing mother , her obnoxious sister , and her careless ( and slightly abusive )
stepfather .
needless to say , homelife is not so appealing .
add to the mix , a talent for gymnastics , but several obstacles to joining the team ( including the nuisance of her arrogant , snobby teammates , and a coach who also eventually doubts her abilities to compete well ) .
and , of course , we ca n't forget that she 's got eyes for one of the pretty boy preppies who is dating one of the obnoxious teammates , nor that she does n't have a steady boyfriend ( although keanu as tommy later enters the picture ) .
could this kid be any more pathetic ?
and it seems that one mess after another comes along to embarrass herself in her painfully long , redundant , and clichéd quest to prove her worth to everyone .
but , even the major moments of cheesiness which comprise most of the film , are hardly worth mentioning considering that the biggest distraction to this film is the horrible acting and dialog .
( i like how the gym coach suddenly appears at the diner in the middle of the dance - off to scold the teammates ) .
it makes episodes of ' amazing stories ' look like shakespeare .
i imagine anyone able to locate this film and watch it these days is probably drawn to it mostly because of the nostalgic factor .
for that you might be satisfied , but it is also an incredibly forced drama .
so , caveat emptour .
diana muldaur appears on star trek for the second time , but this time as a different character .
no one on board seems to notice -- maybe it was the hair .
regardless , this time she is not the receptacle for a god ( see the previous episode ) but is a very famous lady with magical powers that enable her to communicate and see a medusan without going crazy ( the standard human response ) .
unfortunately , the man that is most in love with her is a few cards short of a full deck and he tries to kill the medusan ambassador ( who , oddly , lives in a small crate -- this is a lousy way to travel ) .
and , unfortunately , muldayr is n't wound all that well herself .
what happens next is kind of dumb and by the time the episode was over the first time i saw it
, i was pretty relieved .
watching all the men on board go ga - ga over muldaur was pretty silly and the acting of spock when he briefly went crazy was pretty campy .
do yourself a favor -- if you have n't seen the show before , pick a different episode .
having seen versus previously i had high hopes for alive .
the description of the movie on the back of the dvd jacket sounded promising .
alive did not deliver .
very slow development .
loads of potential with the cast and the cool visuals .
the premise was intriguing but the payoff did not offset the build up .
could have done so much more at the end .
most of the movie is just " sitting around " .
to put it plainly , three of us were amped to sit down and watch this movie and by the 50 minute mark we were struggling to make it thru to the end .
it really needed more shock elements .
if you are looking for ichi the killer or versus type fights then save yourself some $ and loads of disappointment .
heavy - handed moralism .
writers using characters as mouthpieces to speak for themselves .
predictable , plodding plot points ( say that five times fast ) .
a child 's imitation of britney spears .
this film has all the earmarks of a lifetime special reject .
i honestly believe that jesus nebot and julia montejo set out to create a thought - provoking , emotional film on a tough subject , exploring the idea that things are not always black and white , that one who is a criminal by definition is not necessarily a bad human being , and that there can be extenuating circumstances , especially when one puts the well - being of a child first .
however , their earnestness ends up being channeled into preachy dialogue and trite situations planted to move the plot along .
the decent production values and interesting use of documentary - style camera footage are not enough to accomplish their aim when the script and the acting fall flat .
logic is often compromised for the sake of creating tension : soid first tries to blackmail pablo into participating in her documentary in exchange for helping them escape , then in the same breath basically tells him not to trust her because she 's not helping them out of altruism .
well , duh .
and for a man on the run , pablo is far too swayed by a temper tantrum .
cristina 's well - being is so important to him that he 's fleeing capture and jail or deportation for her , but he 's willing to risk all that to appease her when she does n't want to go to mexico .
right .
talk above over - permissive parenting .
third , when pablo 's employer charlie gives the phone to detective bright , she is remarkably unprofessional , especially given her seniority - did she really think she was persuasive ?
oh , yeah , i would have turned myself in .
cch pounder 's detective wims could wipe the floor with her .
to be fair , i 'd like to list the things i liked .
um , i liked the midget .
and i liked the fact that the midget was named sexy .
there 's cross - dressing , always a plus ; juvenile cross - dressing , no less !
harry is infinitely cuter than cristina .
but my favorite moment in the film has to be when cristina kicks detective not - so - bright .
i also find it interesting that , in a heavily minority cast ( which i much appreciate , by the way ) , the black character is the racist one .
too bad it 's just thrown out there and not further explored .
there 's a distinctive , unconventional score , but it 's nonetheless generally context - unspecific , not enhancing mood or tension in any scene , except the pathetic , anguished wailing every time the main character is in anguish , as though they think his acting does n't show it enough : '
just in case you were n't sure , he 's upset , and we have the musical cues to prove it .
'stilted , clichéd dialogue results in a depressing lack of subtext ; everything has to be spelled out in dialogue , even when the body language had been up ' til then conveying it just fine .
for example , every impassioned speech pablo makes , and mrs. knight 's lament that her child wo n't be crawling into bed with them in the morning .
'papi , tell me about mama again ' - what shameless , blatant exposition introducing the generic dead wife !
( she 's always the most beautiful woman the widower had ever seen , the kindest he had ever met .
why ca n't we see a man cry over a woman like shakespeare 's - she may be fat , ugly , obnoxious , but his love for her is deep as oceans ?
now _ there 's _
a story which would move me.)the police always being literally one step behind them gives many scenes the out - of - place feeling of a french farce .
most boring foot chases
ever - bright and lightning are so out - of - shape and easily - fooled
( he certainly is n't quick as lightning , and she , well , i do n't feel the need to spell things out ) .
some guy dragging along a small child outrunning a bicycle cop , complete with macho biker picking a fight but then being felled by a child ?
to quote margaret cho , that 's so sad .
would we ever see this on ' cops ' ?
hackneyed and over - the - top deus ex machina
: as an employer , would you really waive checking his green card just because he can quote the author of the inspirational saying on a poster behind your desk?plus several scenes , including the above , threaten to devolve into porn : '
well , i 'll do this favor for you , as long as you do something for me ... '
i can almost hear the bowm - chicka - bowm - bowm .
when the parents view the footage shot of pablo 's remorse , the grieving mom 's freak - out is the most real the movie feels .
unfortunately , this is diminished by the fact that she looks completely swayed by his emotional speech right up until she goes ballistic .
a more ambivalent look would be more convincing here .
i'm in constant awe of the stupidity of the main character doing things for the sake of plot : holding up a convenience store without a mask , visiting the dead girl 's grave .
and why does n't the mother recognize his face from when she saw him before he drove off ? ! '
you seem awfully familiar ...
'what is the purpose of that wholly unnecessary , somewhat gratuitous scene with soid and the artificially - enhanced bartender ?
character development ?
too little , too late .
speaking of unnecessary traits that never went anywhere , detective lightning 's saying skeptical detective bright must be
a scorpio shows how little he really knows about the occult .
and i do n't think that believing in fate quite qualifies as voodoo mumbo jumbo .
at the end , when bright holds pablo as he dies - wait , why does she care now ?
her character is as inconsistent as soid 's .
what , she has to shoot him just because she said ' stop , or i 'll shoot ' ?
( she 's cared _ so_much _ about her integrity thus far . )
he was unarmed .
there was no need for lethal force .
what 's wrong with shooting him in the leg to immobilize him?finally , cristina 's childlike acceptance of her mother 's death giving dr. knight peace over his daughter 's death - so forced .
and the contrivance of the family whose child was killed becoming cristina 's new family ...
it angers me that she could be a ' replacement ' for their little girl .
it 's also unrealistic that a white couple would take in the latino daughter of the man who killed their own daughter .
i 'm not saying there are n't generous , loving people who would do that .
i 'm just saying that the characters here are never developed far enough for me to believe that _ they _ would do that .
i find it offensive that another imdb reviewer said that of course as a woman she was moved by the sappy scenes .
i am a woman who reserves my emotional movements for moments that do n't wax sentimental in a manufactured manner .
co - writer , co - director , co - star nebot said himself
he wore too many hats during this production .
too many cooks may spoil the broth , but one cook alone just might end up making an after - school special .
in conclusion , this film 's title has less to do with the story and more to do with the feeling of regret , helplessness , and loss accompanying the revelation that you will never see your money again .
i can see little girls enjoying this show , but calling this a family show is ridiculous .
i 'm amazed how well remembered it is after all these years .
it 's an extremely unfunny and stupid show about widowed father of three living with his dead wife 's brother and his stupid friend from school , and others as the seasons go on .
all of the plot lines generally have a really dumb lesson .
in the middle of each episode somebody is mad at somebody else and each episode they make up
and it ends on a light unfunny joke .
as for the actors , i did n't like them either .
bob saget was painfully unfunny as the dad with the mom responsibilities .
dave coulier is a one note joke 30 something year old that does cartoon voices and acts like a kid , and he 's horrid .
john stamos was the most tolerable character
but he was so clichéd
it was hard to watch him .
the oldest girl , dj , on the show was a genuinely bad actress and showed no emotion ever .
the middle girl stephanie was too clichéd as the annoying little sister .
the youngest girl michelle showed what bad actresses the olsen twins were .
you can always tell when they are switching them off .
the plot lines to too many story lines were so unrealistically stupid it 's cringe worthy .
this is a " family " show that tried to replace any good substance with cuteness and love , and though those are needed for a show about a family they overdid it way too much .
this will be remembered as my least favorite sit - com from the 80 's and 90's .
my rating : terrible show .
tvg 30 mins .
most college students find themselves lost in the bubble of academia , cut off from the communities in which they study and live .
their conversations are held with their fellow students and the college faculty .
steven greenstreet 's documentary is a prime example of a disillusioned college student who judges the entire community based on limited contact with a small number of its members .
the documentary focused on a small group of individuals who were portrayed as representing large groups of the population .
as is usual , the people who scream the most get the most media attention .
other than its misrepresentation of the community in which the film was set , the documentary was well made .
my only dispute is that the feelings and uproar depicted in the film were attributed to the entire community rather than the few individuals who expressed them .
naturally it is important to examine a controversy like this and make people aware of the differences that exist between political viewpoints , but it is ridiculous to implicate an entire community of people in the actions of a few radicals .
as one of the few commentators not to have seen the 1st film , i found this to be a very disappointing movie .
yes , it has a funny awkward type of humour if you can bear the ( highly ) morally dubious premise .
however , it fails abysmally in the important areas .
there is thin and nonsensical plot line involving gordon sinclair 's generous friend who may or may not be entwined in a conspiracy to supply dangerous electronics to third world countries - possibly in free computers ... or possibly not .
vague , long - winded and inconclusive .
the lack of any substantial ending is so infuriating and what is present is pompous and wholly illogical .
the film feels half - finished .
suspension of disbelief is extremely difficult when witnessing a very attractive female teacher ( maria doyle kennedy ) can be drawn to gordon sinclair 's unimpressive character , especially when he fends off her advances .
laughable .
it worsens later in the film when he achieves his romantic ambitions then throws it all away for some ideals based on very little evidence of ambiguous value .
not many films leave me feeling cheated , but i felt my time was stolen .
typically terrible trash from director fred olen ray about a female cyborg
hunter(teagan)commissioned by warden jan - michael vincent to find and execute
escaped alien convict ross hagen who has charted course for earth .
soon forest ranger john phillip law will have to protect a group of obnoxiously hammy college kids headed by the grating richard wiley who ran over hagen with his rv on a camping trip gone awry .
soon the cyborg will be blasting away with her arm laser burning one innocent alcoholic doctor(robert quarry of count yorga - vampire
fame)proving that no one will stand in it 's way of retrieving the hide of the convict , whose collar is a tracking device that weakens his body .
law finds an ally in leo gordon , an old vietnam war vet with way too weapons stashed in his cabin .
perhaps intentionally made awful , this features what fans of " rancid cinema " yearn for .. dreadful special effects , acting , and premise .
at least , the film has pj soles for some eye candy ..
even in ' 89 , she was quite smokin ' .
that laser gun sure is funny ..
it can incinerate some houses yet when the cyborg shoots at law it barely leaves a mark on the location fired .
i watched this movie last night and hoped for the best after watching all the cool trailers .
even the cover of the dvd looked good .
as soon as i started watching it
i was thinking like others "
oh my god
what s
this" .
there were some moments that were a bit creepy
but then the mood was ruined by stupid music .
there was rock and opera during what is supposed to be suspenseful scenes .
that right there ruined it for me
and i was shaking my head thinking damn
i wasted money again on a rental and was deceived by the cover art .
nothing against the music itself , it was just in the wrong parts of the movie .
whoever edited the film has no clue what they are doing .
the cover showed lightning , implying they were caught in a storm at sea .
that would have been more interesting but it did n't happen .
the acting was n't the worst i 've ever seen considering they are all unknown and this is obvious their first film .
another reason i was disappointed was the plot made no sense .
in the beginning 2 men saw all of the teens get on a boat , then at the end supposedly only 1 girl existed and the others were either her imaginary friends or were ghosts i 'm not sure because it was very badly portrayed .
whytefox who wrote a comment on here claims this is a true story .
he or she believes in ghosts and spirits and says there is a haunted boat in the area this movie was filmed .
there was no mention in this movie about it being a true story .
i have never experienced something like that personally but am not saying it 's impossible .
i guess if anyone is interested in renting this movie , do it at your own risk .
if you like amateur student horror films you may like this .
- a mexican priest becomes a wrestler to save an orphanage or something -i went to see this movie because it was about non - wwf wrestling
and so i thought it might be funny .
it was n't .
it is excruciating to watch .
embarrassing .
any and every opportunity for comedy is mercilessly squandered .
i admit i do n't like jack black anyway .
after this i have been racking my brain to think of one good role that he has performed .
the only thing i can come up with where he was o.k . was as a necessary foil to the john cusack character in ' high fidelity ' .
jack black is one of those awful relentless flat - out ham - it - up knockabout guys ( like the little fat one in abbot & costello or jerry lewis ) who should be told that being overbearingly idiotic is not the same thing as being funny .
it is not even slapstick .
it 's just irritating .
it 's not even stoopid , it 's just stupid .
i heard good things about napoleon dynamite too , but if this is anything to go by i wo nt be rushing out to find it on dvd .
the plot does n't offer any new excitements , it even starts the same as cube i.
this time there are no other enhancements for the cube machinery , except for having an extra exit , which is not guarded , very ingenious .
the characters are also not so well elaborated as in the first episode , they just became " flat " as in a soap opera .
if somebody makes it to the normal exit , the person would be asked some questions , like " do you believe in god ? " , its not really creative or original and especially in my opinion it does n't fit into the mystery of the cube with it traps .
really there is nothing much else to say about it .
very bad film .
very , very , very bad film .
it 's a rarity , but it defenitly is not worth hunting down .
this italian jaws rip - off makes little sense most of the time , and no sense the rest .
the " alligator " is not at all convincing , and many of the sub - plots go nowhere .
if it 's at the local video store , you may want to watch it if you 're a fan of monster movies , but it 's not worth hunting down .
being a fan of the manga and anime of go nagai
( devil man , devil lady , violence jack , etc . ) , i was looking forward to this one .
i 'd seen neither the manga nor the anime , so i had no preconceived notions going in .
good thing , too .
what we have here is a series of silly softcore movies of the type that used to turn up with alarming regularity on cable channels late at night .
while it 's tame compared to what gets rammed down the throats of regular cable viewers ( our hero 's naughty bits are either tastefully tucked away behind a strategically glued - on scarf or emblazoned with a ridiculous sunburst effect ) , there are prolonged scenes of bondage and torture that lend the proceedings just enough smarminess to make it unsuitable for the kiddies .
while i have nothing whatsoever against nude female heroes , i do dislike amateurishly made movies ( there are at least four in this series ) .
on the plus side , there 's at least one stunningly beautiful actress in each of the four episodes i saw .
it 's no wonder
nagai 's testicle boy never made it ...
a dreary and pointless bit of fluff ( bloody fluff , but fluff ) .
badly scripted , with inane and wooden dialogue .
you do not care if the characters ( indeed , even if the actors themselves ) live or die .
little grace or charm , little action , little point to the whole thing .
perhaps some of the set and setting will interest -- those gaps between the boards of all the buildings may be true to the way life was lived .
the framework encounter is unnecessary and distracting , and the hoppalong cassidy character himself is both boring and inept .
if fassbinder has made a worse film , i sure do n't want to see it !
anyone who complains that his films are too talky and claustrophobic should be forced to view this , to learn to appreciate the more spare style he opted for in excellent films like " the bitter tears of petra von kant " .
this film bogs down with so much arty , quasi - symbolic images it looks like a parody of an " art - film " .
the scene in the slaughterhouse and the scene where elvira 's prostitute friend channel - surfs for what seems like ten minutes are just two of the most glaring examples of what makes this film a real test of the viewer 's endurance .
but what really angers me about it are the few scenes which feature just elvira and her ex - wife and/or her daughter .
these are the only moments that display any real human emotion , and prove that at the core of this horrible film , there was an excellent film struggling to free itself .
what a waste .
buck 's role as the kahn brings to mind bob barker ( of the price is right ) running a country the same way he runs his show .
but there 's lots more to chuckle and snort through in this turkey .
kurt thomas as the baby - faced " hero " displays some considerable acrobatic skills , but not a whit of acting talent whatsoever .
there 's a few spooky moments ( in the village of crazies , mostly ) , and some mildly impressive martial arts sequences .
but any given " ninja " movie will give you much more entertainment , and you wo n't feel as guilty about laughing .
an illegal immigrant resists the social support system causing dire consequences for many .
well filmed and acted even though the story is a bit forced , yet the slow pacing really sets off the conclusion .
the feeling of being lost in the big city is effectively conveyed .
the little person lost in the big society is something to which we can all relate , but i can not endorse going out of your way to see this movie .
this film 's basic premise is a political cartoon .
i suppose for those who know nothing about the realities of the military this is probably a " feel - good " film on gender equality .
indeed a recent commentator stated : " it lets women know that they can do anything they want to do . "
what claptrap !
no one , man or woman can do anything they want to do , and unfortunately demi moore " buffing " up for seal hell week in the early 27 week bud / s program by a few sessions at the local gym and her desire alone to be a seal is simply not going to make it so .
there is approximately an 80 % dropout rate in what is arguably the roughest military training program - those are the ones who voluntarily drop out , ca n't compete on a physical level , suffer frequent physical injury during the training or ca n't handle the psychological harassment .
i never got beyond the shallowness of the contrived , purported message of this film .
in the real world , demi would n't last the first 24 hours in this harsh and sustained physical training .
wishing alone wo n't do it .
skip this film as wishful thinking , and better spend your time reading " the warrior elite " by dick couch ( crown , new york 2001)for the best description as to what really goes on in this training .
ring the bell , demi !
one of scorsese 's worst .
an average thriller ; the only thing to recommend it is de niro playing the psycho .
the finale is typically of this genre i.e. over - the - top , with yet another almost invincible , immune - to - pain villain .
i did n't like the 60s original , and this version was n't much of an improvement on it .
i have no idea why scorsese wasted his time on a remake .
then again , considering how bad his recent movies have been ( i 'm referring to his dull buddhist movie and all the ones with his new favourite actress , the blond girl di caprio )
this is n't even that bad by comparison .
and considering spielberg wanted to do the remake ... could have been far worse .
this stalk and slash turkey manages to bring nothing new to an increasingly stale genre .
a masked killer stalks young , pert girls and slaughters them in a variety of gruesome ways , none of which are particularly inventive .
it 's not scary , it 's not clever , and it 's not funny .
so what was the point of it ?
lynch .
the man has some really great stuff !
he knows how to disturb us , then reward us by getting us think in different ways .
this , however , is altogether different .
dumbland 's reward is 1 % absurd comedy , earned by enduring 99 % stupidity .
i may have laughed once , but somewhere around episode 4
i just started watching on fast - forward .
did n't miss a thing .
i felt relieved when it ended , and that 's part of the point with this series .
it 's an annoying series about annoying characters in annoying situations , rounded out with annoying animation , voices and sound .
but recognizing this and its other absurdist qualities still fails to make dumbland worthwhile .
i went to the movie as a sneak preview in austria .
so did n't have an idea what i am going to see .
the story is very normal .
the movie is very long , i believe it could have cut to 1/2 without causing any problems to the story .
its the type of movie you can see in a boring night which you want to get bored more !
ashton kutcher was very good .
kevin costner is ok .
the movie is speaking about the us coast guards , how they are trained , their life style and the problems they face .
as there are n't much effects in the movie .
so if you want to watch it , then no need to waste your money and time going to the cinema .
would be more effective to watch it at home when it gets on dvds .
i rented this movie for a few laughs .
i had never seen the snl skit , but with hits like tommy boy , and waynes world , it could n't have been that bad , could it ?
the answer : it was .
this movie hardly was a means of relaxing after a hard day at work .
i just kept waiting for a plotline and a funny part , but there was n't any .
the highlight was tiffany amber thieson , and that s just about it .
someone had a great idea : let 's have misty mundae do her own , r - rated version of lara croft - firing two guns not only in skimpy outfits , but topless as well .
it was indeed a great idea .
the problem is that the people who had it could n't come up with any sort of script or budget to support it .
therefore , we get a " film " that barely reaches medium length by replaying many of its parts ( often in slow - motion ) , and was apparently shot entirely inside a garage .
the appeal of misty mundae is still evident : she is unbelievably cute and has a natural girl - next - door beauty .
however her two female co - stars here , with whom she shares a lengthy lesbian scene , are nowhere near her league .
if " mummy raider " was presented as a youtube video , i 'd rate it higher , but as a " film " destined for dvd consumption it can not get more than 1/2
out of 4 .
this is one of the worst movies i have ever seen .
robin williams fit into the part like a rhino would fit into a tutu , even so his performance was still pitiful .
kurt russell was more believable but still was awful .
the plot left much to be desired and the rest of the acting was also terrible .
the only thing this movie had going for it was the trailer , which suckered me in to wasting 90 minutes of my life which could have been better spent trying to lick the back of my head .
do yourself a favor and burn this movie if you have it .
if not , just be happy you do n't .
a bdsm " sub - culture " of los angeles serves as backdrop for this low budget and shabbily constructed mess , plainly a vanity piece for its top - billed player , celia xavier , who also produces and scripts while performing a dual role as twin sisters vanessa and celia .
a question soon develops as to whether or not some rather immoderate camera , lighting and editing pyrotechnics can ever reach a point of connection to a weak and often incoherent narrative that will not be taken seriously by a sensate viewer .
celia is employed as a highly motivated probation officer for the county of los angeles , while her evil natured twin has become an iconic figure within her fetishistic world largely because of erotic performances upon cd - roms , but when disaster befalls " mistress vanessa " , virtuous celia , determined to unearth her sister 's vicious attacker , begins a new job as a " sex slave " at the private castle club where the specialty of the house is a " dungeon party " .
two fbi field agents ( whose deployment to the vanessa case is ostensibly required due to her involvement with internet bdsm sites ) , in addition to a los angeles police department homicide detective , are assigned to investigate the crime , while endeavouring to provide security for celia whose enthusiastic performance in her new vocation is avidly enough regarded by her customers as to have created conditions of personal danger for her .
flaws in logic and continuity abound , such as a homicide being allocated to l.a.p.d. 's operations - south bureau , a region of the metropolis that is far removed from the setting of the film .
direction is unfocused and not aided by erratic post - production editing and sound reproduction .
the mentioned photographic gymnastics culminate with a batty montage near the movie 's end of prior footage that is but tangentially referent to the scenario .
one solid acting turn appears among this slag :
stan abe as a zealous fbi agent .
this film is so bad , it made me want to vomit .
poorly produced , a complete laugh free zone .
why in the name of god would you spoof a movie which to a degree is a spoof ( and a damn funny one at that ) as it stands ?
the sets are laughable , the effects so bad that they are n't even laughable , and the acting farcical .
it is a complete mystery why you would even consider watching this lump of garbage .
national lampoon once made animal house , which people still consider to be completely and utterly hilarious .
now they 've been relegated to making tv movies like this lump of
* * * * .
name your expletive , and it could be accurately used to describe this film .
i bought this dvd for £ 1 and now i realise why .
the acting was the worst i 've seen in a long time .
the lighting and sound are shoddy at best .
the plot makes little sense even when sober ( warning : i do n't advise watching this film when sober . )
this film feels like you 're watching the home movie of someone who does n't get out much .
it really is a shame that all the very little money spent on this project went to such a waste , i look forward to seeing if any of those envoled still have a career , other than eva longoria who is the only " star " of this film that was apparently not hit with the bad acting stick .
i 'm sorry that none of this criticism seems constructive
but i will say one thing to james cahill , do n't try it again .
in the words of squirlyem " its severely lacking in the good department " .
the only reason i do n't give this movie fewer than 3 stars is because it is n't quite on par with a movie like manos :
the hands of fate .
this movie 's greatest crime is the fact that it is head - meltingly boring & terribly , unforgivably british .
the premise of this movie sounds potentially promising , the whole teleporting concept , but the direction they went with it was completely uninteresting .
it was more a movie about research funding and bowties than projecting lasers .
the actors were wooden , unemotional , and aloof .
as was the love affair between the two scientists-- which was anything but intriguing .
i never was able to tell what the attraction was between them as the chemistry was non - existent .
nor did i really understand why the melty - faced main guy decided to slaughter everyone he met .
at least now i know that i should always give someone a fair hearing before i cut off their research grants , else they go rampaging about , killing wantonly with goofy hand gestures .
when i go to see a movie about zombie 's , i 'm not expecting oscar calibre performances , or writing on the level of the godfather , but i do expect the actors to at least not look like their straining to read their cue cards , and dialogue that does n't sound like it was typed out 10 minutes before the actor reads it into the camera .
this movie was just awful , i actually got up and left about 25 minutes in and went next door and watched cold creek manor , that was n't very good either , but it seemed like citizen kane compared to this pile of crap .
on the plus side , the girls were very pretty
, that 's probably the only thing that kept me in my seat for longer than the first 5 minutes , in fact i left
after the hottest one got killed , there was n't anything to hold my interest after that .
this third pokemon movie is too abstract for younger kids to follow and too repetitious to entertain older kids .
the message of the film-- about dealing with loss-- is subverted by the return of the young girl 's father during the film 's credits .
team rocket provide some amusement , but they 're not really part of the small plot , so they do n't appear very often .
i rented this movie , thinking it looked like a wonderfully delightful historical piece .
what i got was a piece of pure garbage .
this movie was confusing in most spots , choppy in almost every spot and dreadful in all spots .
mira sorvino 's portrayal of a queen playing a young male scholar was depressing at best .
ben kingsley should have been stripped of his knighthood for even considering this film as one of his projects .
fiona shaw should definitely stick to playing petunia dursley ; at least the harry potter movies are more entertaining than this thing they call a play within a movie .
the cinematography looks like some college kid took a class in cinematography 101 and failed miserably .
almost every scene in the movie is chopped up for some sort of effect ; the end result of course being the cheesiest bit of editing i 've ever seen .
jay rodan was almost good as agis ; too bad he had such a bad script to work with .
rachael stirling gives her best effort as the almost gullible lady in waiting .
in the end , i really wish blockbuster video gave refunds .
i 'm so glad i did n't spend 10 bucks watching this fiasco in the theater .
if they 've been performing this marivaux play since the 18th century , it makes me wonder how many people over the ages have had their best naps during this work .
if i had been there , they would n't have hear the play over the snoring .
thank goodness for the modern convenience of dvd players ; you can skip past the boring or awful scenes .
guess that means i only watched the beginning and the end !
if your idea of entertainment is watching graphic footage of people being run over by cars ( you get to see a woman passing under the front wheel , being twisted as the car passes over her before she goes under the back wheel -- and they show it twice in case
you missed it the first time )
then this is the documentary for you .
admitedly i did n't watch any more of this very disturbing piece of voyeurism , but that was enough for me .
maybe the rest is even better .
i wonder how long it 's going to take for television networks to start showing slush movies .
perhaps game shows based on self - mutilation might be nice .
i already know that there are disturbed people in the world and that horrible things happen .
i do n't need to see the proof on the tv masquerading as entertainment .
i hate this movie .
it is a horrid movie .
sean young 's character is completely unsympathetic .
her performance is wooden at best .
the storyline is completely predictable , and completely uninteresting .
i would never recommend this film to anyone .
it is one of the worst movies i have ever had the misfortune to see .
i really like slasher movies , but this one is truly awful .
the acting is lame , the script is bad , and the atmosphere is non - existent .
the plot is as follows : a deformed gardener charlie puckett slaughters people in a small american town .
that 's right - this is the plot .
very original , eh!"the night brings charlie " is n't even gory enough - if the film ai n't gon na be scary , at least they should make it bloody .
avoid this cheap piece of trash at all costs .
if you want to see some good slasher flicks check out " madman","the burning","the prowler","just before dawn " or " humongous"- just do n't waste your precious time with this worthless piece of garbage .
this movie was terrible to say the least .
i was hoping for a lot better after seeing " high school musical " .
the whole entire movie was a complete rip off of " the simple life " , only it was n't a reality show .
the acting was not good at all .
amanda michalka had her moments , when she was n't that terrible .
on the other hand alyson michalka was bad all the way through .
chris gallinger , who played the love interest of amanda was playing a french guy , but had an awful accent .
one good thing about this movie was the completely adorable michael trevino , who played alyson 's love interest .
just something to keep in mind , if this movie had been aired before " high school musical " it probably would not have seemed as bad .
but it was no comparison .
overall i give it a 2 .
there 's a major difference between releasing an original , intense , edge - of - your - seat , scary , gore - fest , and doing like filmmaker eli roth and his team have done with " cabin fever " and simply acted like it .
the film follows five college graduates into a cabin in the woods that begins to prove fatal as one after the other succumbs to this mysterious , fast - acting , flesh - eating disease .
it 's not long before the friends turn on one another , and can barely stand the sight of one another , much less want to be in the same vicinity as them .
as gross as it all sounds , there 's a certain spark behind the basic premise of this film that could have worked , in the hands of a less cocky filmmaker .
unfortunately what we end up with is poorly drawn characters whose sole purpose seems to be to look beautiful at the beginning to make the inevitable decomposition more contrasting , a hackneyed script so profanity - laden as to leave the viewer tuning out the dialogue , and several incomprehensible subplots that motivate little more than ( in one instance )
an on - screen appearance by director roth .
this is sloppy film - making in several ways !
avoid this time devourer .
" masters of horror " has proved itself a poor arena for ' message episodes , ' and while a definite case can be made for joe dante 's ' screwfly solution ' ( one of the best episodes of the series , period ) , most efforts to do so have come across as anvil - heavy and unimpressive ( nothing defuses horror more than a soapbox ) .
and ' pro - life ' simply fuses reactionary viewpoints with ultra - violence ; young angelique ( caitlin wachs ) , seen running through the woods , is nearly hit by 2 doctors ( mark feuerstein and emmanuelle vaugier ) who just happen to be driving in to work at the local ( and isolated ) abortion clinic .
angelique 's father , dwayne ( ron perlman ) , is a stone - cold , far - right holy roller who will do anything to prevent his daughter from getting an abortion .
if for nothing else , ' pro - life ' accumulated some buzz for its controversial issue , but john carpenter treats this whole venture with startling indifference -- he seems even less interested in making a movie than the script itself ( which is admittedly poor ) ; the slow pacing builds no tension , and simply brings the already ambling plot to a crawl .
even when dwayne and his sons storm the clinic , guns blazing , it is a stunning non - event ; later , when a doctor is tortured with a ' male abortion , ' the scene comes off as gratuitous and unnecessary -- an effort to pad out the underwritten film .
the poor performances ( perlman is sadly wasted here ) become an outgrowth of the script , and carpenter 's direction feels exhausted , as if ' pro - life ' is the source of his next hot meal .
by the time a spider - creature with a human head and a guy in a latex monster suit are prowling the hallways , you just have to wonder what the minds behind this mess were thinking ...
yeh , i know -- you 're quivering with excitement .
well , * the secret lives of dentists * will not upset your expectations : it 's solidly made but essentially unimaginative , truthful but dull .
it concerns the story of a married couple who happen to be dentists and who share the same practice ( already a recipe for trouble : if it was n't for our separate work - lives , we 'd all ditch our spouses out of sheer irritation ) .
campbell scott , whose mustache and demeanor do n't recall everyman so much as ned flanders from *
the simpsons * , is the mild - mannered , uber - dad husband , and hope davis is the bored - stiff housewife who channels her frustrations into amateur opera .
one night , as dad & the daughters attend one of davis ' performances , he discovers that his wife is channeling her frustrations into more than just singing : he witnesses his wife kissing and flirting with the director of opera .
( one nice touch : we never see the opera - director 's face . )
dreading the prospect of instituting the proceedings for separation , divorce , and custody hearings -- profitable only to the lawyers -- scott chooses to pretend ignorance of his wife 's indiscretions .
already , the literate among you are starting to yawn : ho - hum , another story about the pathetic , sniveling little cuckold .
but rudolph , who took the story from a jane smiley novella , hopes that the wellworn - ness of the material will be compensated for by a series of flashy , postmodern touches .
for instance , one of scott 's belligerent patients ( denis leary , kept relatively -- and blessedly -- in check ) will later become a sort of construction of the dentist 's imagination , emerging as a devil - on - the - shoulder advocate for the old - fashioned masculine virtues ( " dump the b --- h ! " , etc . ) .
when not egged - on by his imaginary new buddy , scott is otherwise tormented by fantasies that include his wife engaged in a three - way with two of the male dental - assistants who work in their practice .
it 's not going too far to say that this movie is * eyes wide shut * for real people ( or grown - ups , at least ) .
along those lines , campbell scott and hope davis are certainly recognizable human beings as compared to the glamourpuss pair of cruise and kidman .
further , the script for * secret lives * is clearly more relevant than kubrick 's .
as proof , i offer the depiction of the dentists ' children , particularly the youngest one who is about 3 or 4 years old , and whose main utterance is " dad !
dad ! ! !
this is family life ,
all right , with all its charms .
the movie would make an interesting double - bill with * kramer vs. kramer
* , as well .
one can easily trace the feminization of the american male from 1979 to 2003 .
in this movie , dad is the housewife as in * kramer * , but he is in no way flustered by the domestic role , unlike dustin hoffman , who was too manly to make toast .
here , scott gets all the plumb chores , such as wiping up the children 's vomit , cooking , cleaning , taking the kids to whatever inane after - school activity is on the docket .
and all without complaint .
( and without directorial commentary .
it 's just taken for granted.)the film has virtues , mostly having to do with verisimilitude .
however , it 's dragged down from greatness by its insistence on trendy distractions , which culminate in a long scene where a horrible five - day stomach flu makes the rounds in the household .
we must endure pointless fantasy sequences , initiated by the imaginary ringleader leary .
whose existence , by the way , is finally reminiscent of the brad pitt character in * fight club
and this finally drives home the film 's other big flaw : lack of originality .
in this review , i realize it 's been far too easy to reference many other films .
granted , this film is an improvement on most of them , but still .
* the secret lives of dentists * is worth seeing , but do n't get too excited about it .
( not that you were all that excited , anyway .
i guess . )
this is easily the worst ridley scott film .
ridley scott is a wonderful director .
but this film is a black mark on his career .
demi moore and viggo mortensen , both totally miscast in an overaggressive film about a girl going to the army .
very stupid .
and there is never one scene that is convincing in any way .
it is really not difficult to make a film such as this .
everything the crew makes could have been an idea of just anybody .
the writers did n't have much inspiration either ; many foolish dialogs that made no sense at all ; and some brainless action .
i strongly recommend to stay away from this rubbish .
i hope that the many talented persons involved in this project realize this type of film does not deserve their attention , and that in the future they will work on more honorable and more intelligent movies than this useless mess .
for a made - for - tv " horror " movie the movie started off very interesting .
i was really intrigued by the story and the mystery of the film .
but the ending was a total dissappointment .
the movie was going along fast - paced and was building up to , it seemed like anyway , to a very climatic end .
but guess what there is no end .
the movie is just over and after almost one - and - a - half hours the audience is just left wondering what happened .
why were all the unanswered questions in the film left unanswered .
there was no explanation at all about any of the key points in the plot .
this film is like watching a murder mystery and then never finding out who did it .
very dissappointed .
this film looks like the producers just ran out of money and never completed the film .
a real bomb !
the reviews i read for this movie were pretty decent
so i decided to check it out .
bad idea !
this is another movie about a ghost out for revenge against a group friends .
the story is stupid , mix two parts ringu with one part prom night , a sprinkle of
i know what you did last summer , and add a tiny dash of single white female - now blend until completely nonsensical .
there is nothing new to this plot , and revisiting the clichés i 've grown so fond of was n't even entertaining this time .
this movie jumps to and from the past too much , and once i made sense of it all i realized it still did n't make much sense .
characters go from sane to psycho killer in the blink of an eye .
speaking of characters , they are all your stereotypical favorites - the greedy selfish lawyer , the egocentric actress , the has - been baseball star , the video voyeur , the bitter girl , the spooky quiet chick , the ' nicer - than - nice ' nice girl , a freakin ' black cat ...
and i did n't care about any of them .
perhaps a better writer could have made the movie work , there were some decent scenes in it , but overall this movie was a mess .
i should also mention a certain ' video tape ' that would have been impossible to shoot .
this movie is n't the worst asian horror has to offer by far , but it is still pretty bad .
if you just want to see some creepy images in the dark , or just want to laugh out loud at some over the top acting , or just want to yell "
you 're stupid ! "
at a movie screen , or just want to have another asian horror flick up your sleeve when someone asks you how many you 've seen - this movie is for you .
those seeking a decent plot look elsewhere .
when i first picked this film up i was intrigued at the basic idea and eager to see what would happen .
i 'm a fan of animation and love it when it 's successfully merged with live action footage .
however , the animation in this film was about all i enjoyed .
although it must be said that the actors ' performances were excellent .
the visual look - including the animation - gave a wonderfully unnerving air to the piece .
however this was quality of unease was lost amongst the overblown imagery , both visual and in the script , that you were practically hammered over the head with .
most annoying about this was the relative lack of importance to the plot .
it seemed that the plot was shoe horned in at irregular intervals giving a stuttering effect that detracted massively from the flow of the piece .
the voice overs from felisberto - especially the one at the end - very much felt like a desperate attempt to fill in gaping holes in the plot which had been ignored in favour of side issues such as the whole ant thing ( and even that was n't properly addressed ) .
i 'm afraid the whole piece came across as , at best , a ' reasonable first attempt ' , by a teenager who has spent far too much time reading dh lawrence .
not what you expect from seasoned film makers at all .
my god , what 's going on ?
a uwe boll film and positive comments ?
wow!nice to note that most of the positive reviews are coming from newbies to boll 's work .
i myself , as i have stated in previous uwe boll reviews , only watch his films in the hope that one day he will actually make something good .
i mean ..
it must happen one day!alas , seed is not that day .
i do n't quite know where to start with the lame attempt at a horror film that seed is .
the thing to remember people is that all the sickos in the world are that way due to having watched various sick acts on video or the net .....
or so mr boll believes .
i still ca n't for the life of me figure out why footage of real animal abuse and killings was needed in the first 10 minutes of this film .
i understand the concept that seed ( the killer ) is a sicko and enjoys watching such stuff .....
but ca n't understand why mr boll thought putting real footage in the film would work .
maybe to shock us ?
hmmm .....
well , i for one am not squeamish and can handle seeing anything on film .
i don't though , find the use of real animal cruelty footage entertaining in the slightest .
if you were trying to shock me , it did n't work .
it just reminded me how messed up the world was because such things happen and also because uwe boll is allowed to continue making films .
this sort of context may have worked for films in the 70/80 's ( cannibal holocaust ) but not todays market .
with that out of the way , we can move on to the fact that uwe has managed to give the film a very cheap feel all round like bloodrayne 2 .
you can just tell that there was n't a huge amount of money floating around for production .
as per usual , mr boll does not really care for making a decent story as we are treated to boring shots of police officers watching various videos of seed 's victims in the first 25 mins .
each of these videos ends in a speeded up decomp of the victim .
it 's all very boring and tedious .
i wo n't comment on the toddler scene as it 's laughable and just another cheap ' shock ' factor .
if you manage to sit through the first 25 mins then you will be treated to the police officers walking through a very dark house in order to catch seed .
the lighting here is horrible and uwe has the old ' i 'm not using a steady cam ' fiasco that he did with bloodrayne 2 .
watch as the police officers die in ever stupidly increasing ways until such point as seed is caught .
this scene is soooo bloody stupid
you have to see it to believe it .
the cop actually tells seed he could have shot him .
for some un - be - known reason , the cop does n't shoot him .
given that seed is a sicko that kills kids as well as adults , you 'd have thought at this point in the script that sense would prevail .
from here we are treated to a stupid execution scene , followed by the cops burying seed alive (
and they know he is alive ..
why not shoot him in the head ? ? ?
? ) , followed by seed getting out of the ground and then killing some random woman with a hammer and then kidnapping the one of the cop 's family .
what i 'm trying to get across to you all here is that it 's just plain stupid !
it 's not even hollywood horror stupid .... just plain dumb .
uwe boll can not direct
* * * * .
anyone with any ounce of taste would agree with that statement .
anyone who watches this film and found it entertaining in any way shape or form needs to take a serious look at themselves as a person .
once again we are treated to a poorly acted , directed , lighted , produced , scripted piece of ub crap .
i have to say i am really surprised at the high ratings for this movie .
i found it to be absolutely idiotic .
the mother gets " visions " when she touches certain things or people ?
and one thing she touched twice made her vision continue ...
just seemed so ridiculous .
deedee pfieffer 's performance was awful i thought .
she was very irritating .
the girl who played lori did a good job and so did most of the supporting cast for what they had to work with .
i usually love lmn and am very open minded when it comes to movies but this movie seemed to have a ridiculous plot and over the top acting
and it just was not for me .
this movie was 100 % boring , i swear i almost died from boredom at the theater .
it was nt funny and did nt really hve that much action in it either
, it was boring
and i hope whoever out there that liked this movie , god be with you in the future when you find out what this movie was really like and try to jump off a bridge or something like that
in the glory days of the 90s ( god rest its soul ) you could turn on the great comedy central at any hour of the day and see the greatest sketch comedy show of all time saturday night live .
whpat a glorious show that was , whether it was the original not - ready - for - primetime players or the second golden age of snl featuring the greats- chris farley , adam sandler , david spade ...
and then , it all went to hell .
i was first exposed to madtv about a year and a half ago , and i think i must 've passed out from shock .
how could a show so terrible prevail for so long ?
there are so many horrible flaws .
i suppose i 'll start with the writing .
the writing , for most part , is terrible .
it is nothing more than kindergarten bathroom humor .
the cast , for the most part , is talentless .
there are a few sketches i have enjoyed , such as some of ms. swan and stuart , and there are a few talents on the show such as the magnificent alex borstein .
phil lamarr is a talented actor , just not as a comedian .
although there a few sparse ha ha moments , they are not enough to redeem this endless line of horrible drivel populated by babbling idiots .
miss this one .
i loved the first little mermaid .
i know the songs , i love the characters and i love the story .
i ca n't say anything like that about the little mermaid ii : return to the sea .
it was terrible .
let 's start with the story .
the plot was a reversed copy of the first movie .
same situations , except in reverse !
ariel wanted to live on land , her daughter melody ( creative name ) wants to live in the sea .
ariel was tricked by ursula , melody is tricked by ursula 's sister , morgana .
ursula had a sister ? ?
not sure where that came from .
besides being a strange copy of the first movie , this movies plot seemed tired and was uninteresting compared to the first movie .
now the characters : 1 . ariel-
what happened to her ? ? ! !
no longer the spunky , headstrong teenager we all knew and loved from the first movie , she has now " grown up " and her personality went down the drain .
her singing voice was n't as strong either , due to either jodi benson being a lot older , or the songs being so terrible that her talent was wasted .
prince eric-
while he did n't have a lot of personality in the first movie , like all disney princes , somehow his new voice and his very few lines made him even more robotic .
to top it off , he just ca n't seem to defend himself , and ariel becomes the tough one of the two .
sebastian-
say goodbye to the lovable crustacean from the first movie , because a whiny , aggravating little crab just took his place .
he also had no good songs in this movie .
you can almost forget the glory he earned from singing the incredible " under the sea " and " kiss the girl " from the first movie , and it is very sad .
4 . flounder-
they destroyed him ! !
he is not cute anymore , his voice is terrible , and he has kids now ? ?
who 's the mother ? ?
5 . morgana-
she appears to be ursula 's sister out for revenge against her mother , who always picked ursula over her .
so she plans to get king triton 's trident to become the new ruler of the sea .
sound familiar ?
anyway , she 's a very cliché villain and falls short of ursula 's greatness as a villain .
she epically fails at witchcraft , she 's not very tough , and not threatening at all .
6.melody- ariel and eric 's daughter .
ironic name because she , unlike ariel , ca n't sing .
her voice is annoying , her friends ( a walrus and a penguin ? ?
really ? ! ) are not funny or likable , and she 's exactly the same as ariel , in reverse and not as likable .
skip this one .
do n't watch any disney sequel except for lion king 2 .
this movie butchered the classic that lives in all our pleasant memories .
i will look back at this movie and just laugh .
how many centuries will pass until the japanese / asian horror films abandon the long - haired ghost - woman shtick ?
admittedly , they 've managed to rip off " ringu " a million times , and often it worked well - which just goes to show that originality is n't that much of a requirement in the horror genre ( or that i 'm very uncritical and easy to please ? ) .
however , this time around i found myself a little restless , somewhat bored .
it 's not a bad film , but it 's at least half - an - hour longer than it should be , with its absurd 110 minutes length .
compared to many other japanese horror films , omc lacks atmosphere and excitement .
plus , the ending is confusing : it makes no sense at all .
as for the ring - tone : miike could have come up with a melody that is more effective than that forgettable little thing .
even though it was played a dozen times i ca n't even remember it -
that 's how scary it was .
speaking of miike , for him this is something of a commercial venture , so if anyone thinks they might be getting perversion of the " bijita q " or " audition " kind , they 're wasting their time .
it 's a bad season for bollywood with all the big releases with a massive hype surrounding proving to be duds at the box office .
london dreams is no exception to that .
let 's dissect it ...
it 's all about chasing your dreams and how far will you go to achieve it .
sounds impressive right ?
but unfortunately the film is not .
arjun ( ajay devgan ) is an aspiring musician who wants to make it big someday .
his dream is to perform in wembley stadium in front of a cheering 90,000 audience calling out his name .
he is joined by two brothers , zoheb & wasim
( debutants aditya roy & ranvijay ) and a ravishing priya ( asin ) .
together they form " london dreams " their dream band .
after impressing the chief of a record company , they become overnight sensations .
arjun is secretly in love with priya which he does n't want to reveal till he achieves his goal .
arjun then brings his childhood friend manjit khosla aka mannu
( salman khan ) , a carefree flirtatious guy who has got no ambitions in life , to join their band .
mannu is a trained musician and a real talent for whom later arjun become envious for mannu 's superior skills and his affair with priya .
arjun with the help of zoheb plans to blight mannu .
what happens next forms the rest of the movies .
coming to the technical aspects , we feel only the shadow of vipul amritlal sha whom we have admired in namaste london .
felt like he simply visualized the screenplay .
to cut it short , a glorified cameraman .
screenplay by suresh nair dulls even though it has its moments .
defined in a predictable fashion , the screenplay bore you to stiff .
camera work was awesome in capturing the beauty of london .
it 's the only entertaining part while watching songs .
few songs are hummable while others are passable noisy fare .
ajay was the one who stole the show with his negative character .
salman is monotonous and he irks you .
asin is forgettable and i do n't that she will make it big in bollywood .
aditya roy is impressive while ranvijay is strictly ok .
brinda as the bitch is what we have seen in innumerable movies .
ompuri is ongoing with the proceedings .
i do n't want to pen down about the flaws as it will be a herculean task .
finally let me put it simple and straight , london dreams is a soulless movie which you may better enjoy on dvd .
to be clear from the get go , ' the bagman ' is very , very , very bad .
it suffers terribly in almost every aspect except for one : the finished product is such an awful film that it 's actually hysterically funny to watch .
this is a very low - grade film .
budget constraints for the film should be obvious to anyone who watches even just the opening title sequence .
i 'm not sure if much of the humour in the film was intended or not .
for example , the movie takes place in ' doomsville . '
note to all prospective home buyers : if the town you 're moving to is called ' doomsville , ' keep moving .
stephanie beaton is quick to pull off her top for a pretty enthusiastic sex scene in the kitchen .
i could n't help but laugh because it has intentional humour
( she turns on the gas stove ... get it ?
the sex is that hot ?
get it ? ) and unintentional humour .
the unintentional in this case is the music .
it 's like the theme music for ' chariots of fire ' goes electronica .
break out the computer and the synthesizers !
i realize that coming up with music for a small production like this is cost prohibitive .
i really feel for them because the work here is so well - intentioned .
the problem is that cheap music is n't necessarily good music .
i have n't laughed so hard at sex on screen since ' alone in the dark ' with that ' seven seconds ' song ( i guess they were implying that poor old mr. slater was a bit ...
quick on the draw ? ) .
even the end credits are hilarious .
intentional or not ?
you be the judge :
a pet dog and cat are part of the credited cast -- and an animal wrangler was on set for them !
the boom is credited to ' mr b. stick , ' and the 3rd unit 's wardrobe ( yep , they had a third unit ) is credited to k - mart .
maybe it 's just me , but i think the hilarity of this more than saves the film .
the movie is very , very bad , but the goals of stephanie beaton , her friends and family are so well - intentioned in ' the bagman ' that you ca n't help but
like the movie they 've produced . '
the bagman ' is bad but not dreadful .
in its own sweet way , it even manages to be a bit endearing .
it wears its flaws so honestly that you ca n't help but forgive them . "
better " films that try to hide the flaws are almost worse in a way .
i guess this is just a film that knew who its audience was and was produced accordingly .
watch any number of movies and most of them will probably be a lot better than this .
some of them might look cheaper , or have worse acting , or sillier production value .
they may not suffer terribly as ' the bagman ' does from awful editing , sound , and foley effects .
mr b. stick did n't do a very good job .
the special effects look to be where most of the money went .
they tend to be more funny than gruesome , although when the ' bagman ' is finally unmasked at the end , the make - up job there is surprisingly well done .
my 4 out of 10 is a little high but the humour helped a lot .
this is an ideal movie to track down some night with a few friends and a few beers in hand .
great entertainment is to be had by anyone who seriously considers themselves b - movie or low budget film aficionados .
all others should probably avoid with great prejudice .
the writer came up with a pretty decent idea for a story , but many flaws in the execution of the plot took so much away from the film as to nearly render it unwatchable .
basic elements such as character development were glossed over , at best .
inconsistencies also reared their ugly heads .
a massive mansion in the middle of the rural irish countryside ?
characters just " showing up " in the gardens during a stormy night ( at very convenient times , i might add ) ?
all in all it was n't " bad " .
i rated it a 4 , based mostly on the story and talent of alison elliott .
having watched both the lion king and lion king ii and enjoyed both thoroughly .
i thought lion king 1.5 might be worth watching .
what a disappointment !
disney must be getting desperate for revenues .
especially now that they lost the deal with pixar .
basically , they just picked up some bits of footage that were left on the editor 's floor ( or garbage can ) and glued them together to make aquick buck .
unlike lk i & ii , both of which had strong story lines .
this movie hardly has a story at all .
while the characters and animation are always fun to look at , there is simply not enough material here for a movie .
some of the bits could have been good 2nd disk fillers on the original offerings .
disney - shame on you for putting this trash out to make a quick buck!next time take the time and effort and put our an enduring work .
i picked up tran scan from the library and brought it home .
we have considered taking a trip out east and thought it would give us a feel of what it was like .
the film was a total waste of time , if i went out to buy it i would call it tran scam when i saw that it costs $ 49.the dvd ran for 8 minutes and showed a roller coaster ride across canada with my stomach feeling ill as they went up and down and around curve with the film at high speed .
there was a lot of footage they probably shot on this
and you would think that they could have made a better product .
if i would of done this project i would of provided more footage , paused on road signs to let people know where they were and linger in places to view the scenery .
to make a film like this it should of been 60 to 90min .
oh yes the case said it was in stereo , the whole film was a hissing sound from sped up car sound
, thet could of at least put some music to it .
if you want a good cross canada film watch the railrodder / national film board of canada starring buster keaton ( the one of the last film he made ) in this comical film buster keaton gets on to a railway trackspeeder in nova scotia and travels to british columbia
the only thing that surprises me more than the number of people who liked this movie is that it was directed by clint eastwood , whose work i admire immensely .
the leads had absolutely no chemistry .
not for a second could i believe that there was anything deeper than lust between them .
the story just did n't ring true .
add to that stilted conversation , tons of stereotypes , and an incredibly slow plot that basically leads nowhere , and you 've got yourself a real stinker .
kay lenz 's nude scenes might be worthwhile for those seeking some salacious fare , but otherwise this is a colossal waste of time .
my thoughts as i watched the movie was that itwould have been better titled " cheesy . "
this is absolutely the worst trash i have ever seen .
when i saw it in the theater ( arghhh ! ) , it took 15 full minutes before i realized that what i was seeing was the feature , not a sick joke !
the thing viewers will remember most is the bad headache the movie has given them due to the overly flashy , shaky , camera - work and the fast , confusing cutting .
i am not against those kind of stylistic devices if they are done right like oliver stone and steven soderbergh
proof with most of their movies , but in this case there was way too much .
it seems like the jump - cuts and light flashes that accompanied every flight over mexico city and every important scene were there to distract you from realizing that the story is quite thin and the whole thing was very predictable .
the biggest disappointment lies in the fact that you can easily figure out how the whole thing is going to end .
for a movie that pretends to be violent , ruthless and morally corrupt
it is inexcusable that it 's
story has been told so many times and with a lot more depth and character development .
that is another disappointing aspect of the movie .
if i want to watch an over the top action flick i do not need any justification , but this movie tried to justify the killing spree of denzel washington 's character and poorly failed in delivering any believable performances .
the first half hour or so nothing much happens except that dumb archetypes and clichés are portrayed and
when the action machine starts rolling it is so quickly cut that you do not know what really happens .
so the movie does not work either on the level of a believable drama / thriller , nor as a pure action movie .
of course the movie is not as bad as some oft the totally messed up blockbusters of the last years , but i absolutely can not understand why so many people claim this movie to be something fresh and so cool .
for a video clip it is way too long and for a movie it has too little substance .
i was expecting a documentary that focused on the tobacco industry in north carolina .
instead i watched a man who rues the fact that his great grandfather lost his tobacco empire to the duke family .
and this went on and on .
if mr. mcelwee 's family had prevailed over the dukes i doubt that mr. mcelwee would have any problems with the death toll caused by tobacco - related diseases .
i grew up near the area where mr. mcelwee 's family began it tobacco business ; i expected more than mcewee 's continual focus on his family .
i learned very little about the history of tobacco in the nc economy and the ramifications to the state 's economy by tighter regulation of tobacco .
the countless references to the movie " bright leaves " are out of place -
so what if gary cooper played mr. mcelwee 's great grandfather ?
does the viewer gain any understanding of the role of tobacco in the north carolina economy by the showing of old film clips of a fictionalized film ?
i did n't .
i feel the movie did not portray smith historically .
the goal of this movie was to tell smith 's life in a way that would be " comfortable " to the lds church leaders , historical accuracy seems to have been of little concern .
the movie was designed to be a " faith promoting " experience , not a balanced view of smith " as a man .
" i have taken it upon myself to study smith 's life and have read both lds works and none lds works .
the movie , like most lds projects , was beautifully filmed and well acted .
however , this was not a realistic portrayal of either the beginnings of mormonism or smith 's relatively short life .
a significant period of time was given to reenacting an accident that smith had when he was seven .
while this event was no doubt important in forming his mental outlook , it appears that the main reason for including it in the film is to help establish a sympathetic view of joseph smith .
another point is in portraying smith 's teen years the film is silent regarding the smith family 's involvement in magical practices during the 1820 's .
another problem is while the movie shows joseph smith good - naturedly entering into wrestling contests , it fails to show how he sometimes lost his temper and became violent .
i could go on and on .
this movie was not historical in any way and should be considered a fictional movie about a man .
i would not recommend seeing this movie for any other purpose other then entertainment .
mimicking its long title the movie finds ways to come close to the 90 ' mark .
the beautiful sets are here with all that made the hamer production values a trademark , yet paris drowned in the fog is a sign of indolent neglect .
the story is obvious and can be summed up in a dozen words so there comes nothing unexpected and nothing worth more than 5 % of your attention to be expected .
the directing is heavy as a direct transfer from the stage play , actors are mostly stiff as wax figures ( ok this is a hamer feature , only it 's sometimes better featured in the whole package ) .
my conclusion : this movie is trash , not worth the time i spend that evening .
eternal life is a boring matter and i should have hoped the guys in charge of programming at the cinemathèque would have known better .
dolph lundgren stars as a former cop / boxer who searches boston 's kinky scene to find out who killed his brother , who was well thought of in the community , however along the way he learns how his brother enjoyed kinky sex and that a serial killer is to blame .
dolph lundgren is very good in this movie , in fact on the basis of his performance here , one would forget lundgren 's rise to fame involved action roles .
that said the material gives lundgren nothing to work with , in fact , lundgren is completely left out to dry in a dreary thriller which is both predictable and incomprehensible .
co - star danielle brett is also good , in fact the film works best when it centers around the chemistry of lundgren and brett , indeed had the film taken the time to explore their relationship
the film would 've been fairly decent .
however the movie is lackluster , the action is non - existent , the plot not given enough exploration ( too much boring b.s around lundgren 's investigation of his brother 's employer ) and the film is needlessly gory and ridiculous .
once again , lundgren is actually really good
( as is newcomer danielle brett )
but the film just lumbers from one sequence to the next , which makes this movie particularly disappointing .
if anything else though , it shows how underrated lundgren is , as an actor.*1/2 out of 4-(poor )
the good : effective color scheme .
good costumes .
top notch set production .
well detailed cgi buildings and vehicles .
the bad : horrible mixture of actors with all cgi actors mixes fifth element with final fantasy .
the cgi actors look even worse than video games from a few years ago .
flawed logic .
a giant pyramid shows up and no one researches it
, no one really even questions it ?
and there is no explanation as to why the god horus was even cast out , nor was there any reason why he must do something as trivial as impregnate
jill?the
ugly :
awful script .
so many unnecessary subplots with too many ideas that are not fully realized .
the dialog was almost laughable at some points .
random characters and events that are not needed .
dull characters .
jill is supposed to be this mystery , but apparently she was just a mystery to the writer .
there is nothing to her .
she is uninteresting and boring to watch .
she has no substance , no texture .
her character has no redeeming qualities .
in fact , there is not one character in the entire film who has any purpose , any goals ( besides the obvious one of horus ) , any motivation .
they are weak and ill - conceived .
there are no stakes - the key to screen writing .
horus will not become immortal , but , big deal , he is a bad guy .
one can not even decipher whether horus or jill is the main character .
that is the problem : devoting half the movie to each character means the writer never fully explores one character , never brings one to fruition .
they are cardboard cut - outs who walk around and talk and pretty much do nothing but explore the fine set pieces .
first time director pacing .
slow , slow , slow .
i am still watching the movie as i write this .
i can not pay attention because it is boring .
everything is flat .
even the action is not interesting because it is short - lived and sometimes unnecessary .
overall : not worth a watch .
threadbare story , sub - par character development , corny cgi does not save the nice set production .
this movie kinda let me down .
it seemed a lot like the movie jaws when the hopper was telling the mayor to close parks was like when roy shider was telling the mayor to close the beaches .
they both said no way its summer !
but the box says hopper has to get into the mind of a killer and think like one .
but he really does n't do anything too interesting or exciting .
i 'm not even a little convinced he and his partner have any experience doing police work when they are in the office wondering how they are gon na solve this case .
they just say lets do police work and we 'll solve it .
and what s up with all the old men with pool cues .
i did n't even begin to believe that they were mob bosses .
and then the guy who was doubting the guy the mob picked to handle finding the killer .
with his hundred dollar haircut and that he thinks his di@k is the size of a schoolbus .
come on what cruddy lines .
i thought he was gon na hit him with a baseball bat like in the other movies .
i got this movie used and would n't buy it new .
i suggest you skip this movie .
oh and it was funny seeing the microphone above the scene where hopper is going out to get coffee .
mary pickford becomes the chieftain of a scottish clan after the death of her father , and then has a romance .
as fellow commenter snow leopard said , the film is rather episodic to begin .
some of it is amusing , such as pickford whipping her clansmen to church , while some of it is just there .
all in all , the story is weak , especially the recycled , contrived romance plot - line and its climax .
the transfer is so dark it 's difficult to appreciate the scenery , but even accounting for that , this does n't appear to be director maurice tourneur 's best work .
pickford and tourneur collaborated once more in the somewhat more accessible ' the poor little rich girl , ' typecasting pickford as a child character .
i 'm not sure what dragged me into the cinema to watch this movie , but few minutes after it started , i wanted to leave the theater .
for a while i hoped at least the story will surprise me , but then realized it 's a waste of time , there was just nothing there .
i stayed only because i had another show after it .
design : some designs where quite beautiful , mostly of the environment , but the characters were terrible both in terms of animation and design .
they look great while still - on posters and screenshots , but not when they have to come to life !
they just did n't work , mostly because the very same mistake most 3d companies make : technically it is very hard to create really natural materials in 3d
, that would make you feel that the character is alive .
you need a lot of effort and knowledge ( hence money ) to create something that really feels like hair , skin , fabric , etc .
those characters in the movie were made out of " cloth " , and that just did n't work !
so they had this ugly cold feeling of the computer artificiality , where the cloth stretches or squeezes like a piece of plastic .
it just did n't have the feel of a material , that dolls are made of ( that 's what those characters meant to be ) .
i think it was a big mistake choosing this style for the characters .
it just had a feeling of a 3d shoot'n'run computer game .
i do n't want to go to cinema to have a computer game on my screen
, do n't know about you ...
animation was also a disgrace .
i am a professional animator and was terribly disappointed at the low level of animation in " 9 " .
it was stiff , boring , almost lacked any imagination or mood .
it was just a little bit above most average 3d animations i saw , and that does n't add to it any good ...
and all that - the bad character design and bad animation could be solved with a good story , right ? !
that was not the case here .
actually the story was the worst thing in that movie .
it was below any level .
it starts straight forward , it goes straight forward
and it ends the same .
there is no twist , no surprise , no good dialogs , even no development .
we 've heard and saw stories of machines overtaking the humankind thousands of times and " 9 " is just one of them , and we know how it ends at the very first minute of that movie .
the characters do n't even have time to get into the story - they are just there , showing themselves almost immediately , and immediately some of them take action without even getting to know what 's going on .
it just did n't work .
there are also many repetitive action sequences , that looked as if they were made to fill in the time for the lack of a story ...
acting , sound and script - oh my gosh , what can i tell , it was pathetic .
bad story has a bad script , and except dialogs like " no , do n't do it ! "
" i will do it ! "
" but ... you can not do it alone ! "
" we can do it together ! "
" but there are rules ! "
" but we have to save him ! "
etc etc and so on , and repeating itself all the time , so besides those terribly pathetic dialogs , there were those non stop " ahh " and " ohhh " and"ehh " , and " oooh " , and " whatchout " , and " run ! " and " ohohh ! "
that were following almost every jump , run , or fall of the characters and it even sounded as if they were out of sync or even unrehearsed .
conclusion : bad acting , bad animation , bad sound , bad story , bad script , bad characters , everything expected , no surprises , no twist , nothing .
only some good designs are not worth the time .
big no !
this documentary ( or i should say mockumentary ) is the perfect example of how ridiculous can the people be , when they have full enthusiasm on something like that .
honestly , i hate cryptozoology .
it is unscience , it just destroy it .
however , something positive in this was the visual effects ( dragons were beautiful ) , but some of the information in this mockumentary was totally fake , and that is really disappointing because it was coming from scientists , so that is the reason why it deserves a 1 of 10 and not a 0 .
an example of false information would be the hydrogen idea : it is true that , according to chemystry , the hydrogen is produced in the stomach but it is impossible to be produced in that proportions , so in that case , you need a good explanation of what really happens in a dragon stomach .
there are a lot of substances whit hydrogen in the nature but not the necessary to aloud an animal like that to fly , and the hydrogen does not appear from nothing , so it is impossible .
anyway , there is actually something worse , the idea of the platinum : this element is more difficult to find than gold , and i can not explain myself how dragons survive depending of that .
it is ridiculous , they present dragons like creatures with low chances of conquering the planet earth , but off course at least that explain why they got extincted .
probably cryptologist 's call themselves scientists , but they are not .
people like them say lies like in this mockumentary , and what is worst , some people buy them .
but i do not think that a person who cares about science would believe in dragons after watching this .
those fake scientists waste their time .
ben & arthur could have been a 10 .
sam mraovich wrote , directed , stared , and produced this movie .
sam should have given his idea to a good writer , director , and left the acting to somebody who could act .
this is a good example of one person controlling the whole production .
there was nobody to tell him , " sam
this is bad , really bad" .
jamie brett gabel 's acting was the only good point , but he could have been so much better with a good director , and better actors to work with .
this movie is so bad
i think sam mraovich should be tied to a chair and made to watch this movie ( twice ) .
the acting and direction was so bad , this movie was turned into a comedy .
you just had to laugh , and in the wrong places .
a second good point ....
this would make a great date movie .
after the first two minutes you would quit watching the movie and pay more attention to your date !
one of the worst films i have ever seen .
got so bored that i switched it off midway through to watch the news .
when i switched it back on , i fell asleep .
the film starts with a dream , continues with a dream , and ends with a dream .
then there are a few more dreams in between .
come on , what is supposed to keep me interested in that ?
a film needs to have a reason to be interesting .
the minute you felt the film was only a dream is when any sensible film - goer switches off .
ever had someone insist on telling you their dreams and what it means to them ?
this is it!!!absolutely awful .
the merciless does a little bardwork and a movie most foul !
if i had not read pat barker 's ' union street ' before seeing this film , i would have liked it .
unfortuntately this is not the case .
it is actually my kind of film , it is well made , and in no way do i want to say otherwise , but as an adaptation , it fails from every angle .
the harrowing novel about the reality of living in a northern england working - class area grabbed hold of my heartstrings and refused to let go for weeks after i had finished .
i was put through tears , repulsion , shock , anger , sympathy and misery when reading about the women of union street .
excellent .
a novel that at times i felt i could not read any more of , but i novel i simply could n't put down .
depressing yes , but utterly gripping .
the film .
oh dear .
hollywood took barker 's truth and reality , and showered a layer of sweet icing sugar over the top of it .
a beautiful film , an inspiring soundtrack , excellent performances , a tale of hope and romance ...
an adaptation of ' union street' ... no .
the women of union street and their stories are condensed into fonda 's character , their stories are touched on , but many are discarded .
i accept that some of barker 's tales are sensitive issues and are too horrific for mass viewing , and that a film with around 7 leading protagonists just is n't practical , but the content is not my main issue .
the essence and the real gut of the novel is lost - darkness and rain , broken windows covered with cardboard , and the graphically described stench of poverty is replaced with sunshine , pretty houses , and a twinkling william 's score .
if you enjoyed the film for its positivity and hope in the face of ' reality ' , i advise that you hesitate to read the book without first preparing yourself for something more like ' schindler 's list' ...
but without the happy ending .
* * 1/2 for this diane keaton farce .
someone should tell ms. keaton , enough with your annie hall philosophy and hats .
this flick is just too much as keaton 's daughter , sara , dies in a traffic accident , while her boyfriend survives .
keaton , who could not be reached by phone at first , as she was in the sack with her pal and had pulled out the phone plug , grieves in a new way for grievers .
she retreats to the summer locale where all of sara 's friends are staying .
she cleans the house , sleeps for two days and then begins to reveal things which were better not to be revealed .
it appears that sweet sara slept with her girlfriend and the guy who ultimately married the latter .
in addition , she had an abortion thanks to this guy .
we 're all now put on this guilt trip .
her only hope is to find the elusive diary that sara kept .
she also hopes that boyfriend , adam , who is a playwright , will not include all this in another play .
when the diary is found , it has been written in japanese .
sara had a ph . d in this language .
it 's not that great news for mom when an excerpt of the diary is translated by a japanese cook in a japanese restaurant .
naturally , everything seems to tie up nicely in the end .
the title of this shmaltz comes from the wizard of oz .
every time mom and sara would speak , they would both utter surrender dorothy .
as if this is n't enough , during the course of this bizarre extravaganza of mourning , keaton tells adam not to be another woody allen in his film , interiors , where he tried to successfully emulate ingmar bergman .
ms. keaton also tries drugs with the group .
come on , folks , can we realistically believe that anyone in his right mind could mourn like this ?
fair to mediocre best sums up this film .
" la furia del hombre lobo " forms a completely stand - alone storyline which does n't seem to fit in at all with the previous waldemar daninsky movies .
some have commented that this movie is supposed to take place before the events of " werewolf shadow " , although it was released afterwards ...
they may be right , i 'm not sure .
anyway , in this movie waldemar daninsky is bitten by a yeti - like creature in tibet ( great dialogue here --
" it was a yeti .
but that 's impossible .
i 'm a scientist and these things do n't exist .
it was a hallucination .
that 's all . " )
and although marked with the sign of the pentagram , he is able to prevent the change into a werewolf until he discovers that his wife has been cheating on him .
changing into the beast one night , he kills both her and her lover before running out into a storm and being electrocuted .
it 's not long before he 's resurrected by a dominatrix university professor who is conducting some kind of unfathomable experiments with mind control .
he is taken to the underground cellar of a castle where the subjects of these experiments live like chained animals .
first of all -- jacinto molina , paul naschy , whatever you want to call him , he 's a fine actor and cared passionately about his work .
no matter how flawed these movies are , you can always rely on him for a decent performance .
the rest of the cast seem good enough , but it 's hard to tell when they have a half - assed voice - over dubbed over all their lines .
and that was really the main problem for me ...
many of the voice - over artists they used were just awful , awful , awful .
whenever i chuckled during the movie it was at the inept way that they delivered their lines ( they seem to constantly refer to the hero as " waldeman " ) .
but unfortunately it 's almost impossible to find subtitled copies of naschy movies , although they 're sometimes available in the original language without subtitles .
the directing of jose maria zabalza seems sort of hit - and - miss ...
there are some great visual ideas in some scenes , while others are badly constructed and poorly edited , particularly in the final scenes when it really counts .
the reason for this , was that zabalza was apparently drunk most of the time while on set .
he allowed his fourteen year old nephew to rewrite molina 's dialogue , used extras without his permission , and spliced several shots from molina 's earlier movies .
all of this pretty much ruined any chance this movie had of being one of molina 's best works , and it 's no surprise that the two of them never worked together again .
but it 's not all bad news , as there are some good ideas here .
some aspects of the storyline make an interesting psychological drama with the werewolf as a metaphor for jealousy and rage .
the ' werewolf as a yeti ' idea is one that returned in molina 's later work .
some pretty horrific and surreal stuff goes on down in the cellar , and there 's also a very memorable sequence about half way through the film where daninsky runs from house to house through a village , slaughtering or molesting innocents as he goes -- one scene is particularly intense , but it 's actually lifted straight from molina 's first movie ,
" la marca del hombre - lobo " along with a few other shots .
i actually found the movie on the whole to be very entertaining , although there are some problems with the front row entertainment version , such as pretty obvious cuts ( although some of it may simply be due to the director 's lack of continuity ) .
gods knows what omissions there are -- i 'll probably try to get my hands on the uncut version at some stage in the future .
this is a overall a decent piece of vintage naschy which experienced fans might enjoy , but it could have been much better and so probably would n't make a great introduction .
seriously , i absolutely love these old movies and their simplicity
but i just watched this for the first time last night and it easily slotted itself into my bottom five of all time .
was this supposed to be about the love story or the zombies ? ? ?
this movie was so bad that after it mercifully ended all i could do is laugh at how ridiculously bad it really was .
thankfully i 'm too anal to turn a movie off without seeing the entire thing
or i would n't be able to brag about watching this all the way through in one sitting !
i like to think something positive can be said about anything in life so in keeping with that theory i will acknowledge this film 's most positive asset , it was very short for a full length film .
bette davis brings her full trunk of tics to this miserable flop which is another variation on the " hilariously mismatched " lovers theme .
sadly , cagney and davis are truly mismatched in acting styles and the mix is not simply unpalatable but distasteful .
the only distinction in the film comes from eugene pallette who , literally , phones in his usual part as the deb 's misunderstood dad .
jack carson 's performance can only be described as an act of mayhem on the audience
seriously , what is this ?
hooper has made such classic films like texas chainsaw massacre , then he made this god awful film ,
what happened ?
did he dip into the crack a little too much ?
this film is about some dude named sam who has the ability to set things on fire,(firestarter , anyone ? )
the acting was godawful , the plot was rubbish , and the special effects were extremely rubbish , they looked like something from the 70 's .
van damme should be pleased that derailed is no longer the worst film ever , and what was with the ending ?
he started glowing blue , turned into a glowing blue blob , sucked out his girlfriends fire , and the film ended .
what was that ?
when the film ended i hoped the dvd would spontaniously combust to save me from my pain .
stay away from this film.don't
think , obey
, you 'll thank me later .
great cast .
great acting .
unpredictable story line for the first halfhour or so .
i was really wanting to know what was going tohappen to each of these unredeeming characters , and how theirseemingly disparate lives would become intertwined .
but whenthe writers took out the glue to start connecting the players , theymistakenly used super glue and brought the movie to a standstillfor the last two hours .
i kept thinking it would get better , but it onlygot worse .
do n't believe the reviews .
this is a waste of time .
think about it -- tom cruise made ugly --
the gorgeoushunky bartender wearing braces -- why ?
i know it had to do withthe plot , but without them , at least there would have been oneattractive cast member to remember .
i have watched some pretty poor films in the past , but what the hell were they thinking of when they made this movie .
had the production crew turned into zombies when they came up with the idea of making it , because you sure have to be brain dead to find any enjoyment in it .
i am a fan of most genres and enjoy " shoot 'em up " games , but merging the daft scenes from the game just made this ridiculous and unwatchable .
as most have already said , there was hardly any script and the acting was weak .
i wo n't waste my time describing it .
anyone who rates this film above 4 has to be part of the production company or sega , or else they have a very warped concept of entertainment .
i must say , i was more annoyed with the video shop , who gave this a thumbs up , which led me to rent it .
thank god
i had a second film to watch to restore some of my faith in movies .
comic book guy would be right if he said " worst movie ever " !
so ... we get so see added footage of brando ...
interesting but not exactly oscar worthy stuff .
susannah york was hardly a slouch .
new scene where lois finds out clark is superman is slightly unbelievable in that he does n't notice that there are blanks coming out of the gun instead of real bullets .
real bullets would have penetrated his clothes and then bounced off him onto the floor but forget that ... let 's listen to donner make fun of lester 's version that made more logical sense .
the president talks of the zod " defacing " the washington monument when it was originally mount rushmore .
tweaking that scene made that line quite absurd .
superman 's " freedom of the press " line sounded silly compared to " ..
care to step outside " which was delivered better and had a fitting connection to clark 's earlier scene in the truck stop .
then there is the ending with the " turn back the world to go back in time " effect .
it turned back everything in the whole movie and made you wonder where exactly the rocket aimed for hackensack , n.j. ever went since it does n't free zod and company any more .
witchcraft / witchery / la casa 4/
and whatever else you wish to call it .
how about .. crud .
a gathering of people at a massachusetts island resort are besieged by the black magic powers of an evil witch killing each individual using cruel , torturous methods .
photographer gary(david hasselhoff)is taking pictures for linda(catherine hickland whose voice and demeanor resemble ee - yor of the winnie the poo cartoon ) , a virgin studying witchcraft , on the island resort without permission .
rose brooks(annie ross , portraying an incredibly rude bitch)is interested in perhaps purchasing the resort and , along with husband freddie(robert champagne , who is always ogling other women much younger than him ) , pregnant daughter jane(linda blair)and grandson tommy(michael manchester , who just looks bored throughout , probably wanting to watch sesame street instead of starring in this rubbish ) , go by boat to the resort being treated to a look at the property by realtor tony giordano 's son jerry(rick farnsworth ) , obviously a pup in the business getting his feet wet .
along with these folks is architect leslie(leslie cumming , whose character is a nympho)who might help rose re - design the resort .
the boat 's captain is killed by the lady in black(hildegard knef , wearing her make - up and lip - stick extra thick)and a storm is brewing .
the boat drives off by itself( .. guided by the invisible power of the lady in black ,
i guess)with everyone stuck in the decrepit resort , which is in dire need of repairs .
most of the victims , before meeting their grisly fates are carried through a type of red wormhole whose vortex leads to another dimension( .. perhaps a type of hell or something)where they are tortured by these fiends dressed in raggedy clothes with a crummy visage .
one victim has her mouth sown before being hung upside down in a chimney , roasted as the others light the fireplace .
one poor soul is tortured by harsh twistings of rope wrapped tightly around her flesh before being found hanging from the snout of a swordfish penetrating through her neck .
one fellow is slowly suffocating as his veins bulge( .. and bleed ) and neck 's blood vessels burst squirting in hasselhoff 's face !
one fellow is crucified with nails hammered into his hands before being hung upside down over an open flame .
blair 's pregnant victim becomes possessed with her hair standing on end speaking in another woman 's voice .
one is raped by this demonic man with a " diseased " mouth as the hellish hobos stand nearby gleefully cheering .
the film , despite it 's excesses , is mostly dull fodder for those who really wish to see the lowest point in the careers of hasselhoff and blair , who deserve better than this .
almost unbearable at times , building little - to - no suspense .
clumsy execution of the death sequences which look cheap and laughable .
sure some gore is okay , but most of the film shows victims after they 've been run through the ringer .
we do get a chance to see pregnant women( .. who look exactly like stuntmen in costume with bad wigs ) jumping out three story windows .
oh , and the lady in black 's reflected face often pops up on inanimate objects for characters to see .
tommy has a little sesame street recorder which tapes the lady in black 's mumbo jumbo chants , obviously used for later .
for some reason , the lady in black likes to visit little tommy .
he 's not at all scared of her , for tommy 's just too bored to show any expression on his face , much less fear .
i say more ?
this one 's a real stinker .
i rented this movie from the library ( it 's hard to find for good reason ) purely out of curiosity .
i 'm a huge plath fan and this movie was a complete disappointment .
the bell jar ( 1979 ) is by far one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
the script is horrible , not because it strays from the original novel text , but because it strays without focus or intent .
the scenes are ill - constructed and do n't lead the viewer anywhere .
what 's with the hokey voice over of plath 's poetry ?
lady lazarus has little do with greenwood 's situation ; plath 's poetry was completely misused .
marilyn hassett is completely unbelievable as esther greenwood ( or any 20 year old for that matter ) partly due to casting ( she was 32 during filming , the age plath was when she died ) and partly due to the fact that she ca n't act .
hassett is all emotion , no craft , no skill .
the direction is mediocre ; the director simply covers what 's there , which is n't much .
the only reason i 'm giving the film a 1 is because 0 is n't an option .
sorry sylvia , you 'll have to wait for someone else to adapt your fine work into something more fitting .
i literally fell asleep 3 times watching this movie .
granted , it 's shakespeare and that takes a certain mindset to be interested or not .
but this movie exceeds any barrier of long soliloquies and what not , that may prevent many from just not caring about a shakespeare based story .
the largest roadblock to this production is the complete flatness of the characters .
often during character 's interacting , it 's nearly difficult to distinguish who 's lines are who 's .
granted , i believe this movie is dubbed in english .
certainly they could 've obtained voice actors which could 've added a bit more drama to these classic , literary lines .
it would be difficult to rate this movie greater than 1 , although perhaps that 's based on prejudices of perhaps age and what would seem a very low budget .
still , it 's absolutely painful and boring .
if you insist on hamlet , do yourself a favor and read the book again .
this is the story of two guys who found a copy of ' funky monkey . '
finding this seemed odd at the time figuring that there are still posters for the movie at the local cineplex odeon .
after seeing such classics as ' every which way but loose ' and ' project x , ' these two guys figured movies with monkeys are awesome .
these guys were in for a long ride as they watched this movie .
there was some monkey that was replaced by a stunt man when action sequences were required .
it was apparent that the monkey was n't trained in the school of shakespearean acting .
perhaps replacing the monkey with ben affleck might have helped the guys thought .
maybe a strong sidekick would help like a jackie chan or heck maybe even hulk hogan .
luckily this movie had amazing martial artist and jet li
look - a - like matthew modine .
while some might argue that matthew modine does n't come close to jet li , camera tricks prove that he is every bit as good .
when it becomes obvious that an untrained chimp ca n't handle the movie , the movie leans on matthew modine to be the real star .
did i mention that there is some dorky kid that develops a bond with modine and the monkey ?
is there a possibility that the kid learns confidence and even picks up a girl in this movie ?
even matthew modine should get jealous with this one ( because using the pick - up line ' i 'm second fiddle to a monkey ' does n't seem to work with the ladies.)shortly after watching this movie the two guys got a phone call from matthew modine telling them ' seven days . '
this is just a joke of a movie , they lost me already at the opening scene ( spoilerwarning ) dangerous creature kills other creature in his cage , this is watched by a scientist that works there on a monitor and guess what she does , well lets go in to the cage to check the stuff out , omg how dumb do those writers think human beings are come on that
s the same like jumping in a fish tank with a great white shark because it ate your goldfish ...
pretty useless and even more dumber .
and i will not even talk about the cast because they are n't worth the effort .
why they did n't fired the guy that wrote that immediately is a mystery to me .....
and this kinda dumbness continues the entire movie .
only good thing where the cgi that is better then average for these kinda low - budget movies .
if these kinda things do n't bother you go see it , but be warned if your iq is above 60 you will probably hate it .
i saw this movie at a ' sneak preview ' and i must honestly confess that i do not like films with meryl streep that much .
this picture was the worst .
half the theatre did not return after the break halfway the film .
i could nt blame them , if this was n't a true story there had been absolutely no need for the second half of the picture .
just before the film goes forward in time about ten years i myself was expecting the credits to appear .
... in an otherwise ghastly , misbegotten , would - be oedipal comedy .
i was the lone victim at a 7:20 screening tonight ( 3 days after the movie opened ) , so there is some satisfaction in knowing that moviegoers heeded warnings .
the bloom is off jon heder 's rose .
the emerging double chin is n't his fault ; but rehashing his geeky kid shtick in another bad wig simply is n't working .
it would be another crime if this were to be eli wallach 's last screen appearance .
diane keaton will probably survive having taken this paycheck - basically because so few will have seen her in this , the very worst vehicle she 's chosen in the last few weeks .
sitting alone in the theater tonight i came alive ( laughed , even ) whenever daniels was given the latitude in which to deliver the film 's sole three dimensional character .
he really is among our very best actors .
in summary , even jeff daniels 's work ca n't redeem this picture .
ok i had higher hopes for this carnosaur movie simply because it seemed like the sequels were getting better as they came out .
i did like carnosaur 2 better than 1 .
i figured well this one is newer
so it must be better right ?
well ... i quickly learned i was wrong .
i was extremely confused with the casting .
they brought back rick dean for another spotlight character and michael macdonald as a police officer .
now for rick dean lol , in carnosaur 2 i thought he fit the role pretty well and was n't really annoyed by him , now in carnosaur 3
wow they placed him as an elite soldier .
now we are getting goofy here .
the movie actually started out pretty good with a decent gun fight and dinos escaping out of there little freezer trucks , but as soon as scott valentines team showed up we had a mix of a romantic comedy with very funny performances from retarded and floppy dinosaurs .
i'll start with the raptors first , they had there tails drag the ground , which in the second one they were up in the air which looked more common for a dinosaur that can run up to 50 - 60 mph .
now when they ran they wiggled back and forth and the heads did n't move at all .
there hands were floppy all over the place and since they were extremely poorly shot by the director they looked stupid and out of place .
the t - rex was extremely pathetic , they would of been better off using the one from the previous 2 movies .
at least that one looked somewhat frightening .
the one in this film looked like it was smiling all the time .
the legs when it walked was hilarious , like it was john wayne in the old west all stiff legged and stuff .
lol another thing i noticed is that the hands did not move , they were stuck next to its body so it looked and sounded ( god
the sound effects were awful ) retarded ! ! !
now if i was the director and realized that i had this to work with maybe i would of maybe tried a little bit harder to hide the fakeness fact .
as for the rest of the movie , well this was the sloppiest and loudest military team i have ever seen .
the weapons they used would n't make sense for the scenario .
they even had an arm wrestling scene inside the warehouse where the carnosaurs were roaming , now i was tickled at this scene because i thought that while this stupidity was going on that the dinos would get in there and cause some damage .
instead the director wasted about 7 minutes of our time .
i would like to look at this movie as the 3 stooges of dinosaur movies .
you have retarded military , retarded dinosaurs , retarded scenario and you have a wonderful 83 minutes to spend of your day watching this .
now i 'm not saying i would n't watch this , bc actually i do recommend everyone see this movie that wants 83 minutes of pure entertainment .
it may seem like i 'm ranting
but really i 'm hyping this movie up to what it is .
its really a lot of fun to watch because while watching this you think to yourself , " did the director really make this seriously ? "
i watched this on a weekend afternoon as there was simply nothing else on , it would have been more entertaining to chew off my feet and probably less painful .
i urge anyone to watch this just to see how turgidly awful a movie can be , surely it was deliberate .
i cringed at every futile attempt at humour carried out in such a childish , unrehearsed , badly executed way that it was beyond belief .
this is the movie that makes spiceworld look like goodfellas , think i am exaggerating ?
well give it airtime and think again .
dreadful , utterly dreadful .
if this was n't a prank then the director and anyone else responsible for this should be removed and promptly shot after being forced to watch this film again .
if .... is the cinematic equivalent of sgt .
pepper 's : revered by baby boomers as the pinnacle of creation , and viewed as rather a silly bit of business by preceding and subsequent generations .
now that the children of the middle classes the world over are seemingly super human due to the internet , and view the prospect of boarding school as a wonderful opportunity thanks to the harry potter books / films , the relevance of if .... could n't be further from modern concern .
in fact , many scenes appear so alien and exaggerated as to hint at an inspiration for pink floyd 's the wall .
one should never hold personal bias against a film while reviewing , and the cemented date of this film aside , there are a few flaws which others have overlooked .
lindsay anderson was known to be a fan of luis buñuel , on top of generally being too smart for his own good .
and despite a straightforward narrative through the first and second acts , the latter portion of the piece it taken hostage by cod buñuel surrealism and strained attempts at symbolism .
anderson was n't capable of this feat due to his over - intelligent cynicism , failing to see that buñuel was jovial in his work .
i have not found a critic whom champions the ' chaplain in a drawer ' , and am almost certain it still gets sideways looks from those who adore this film .
the ending is not so much a concise punch to the established class / values system , as a wet slap on a moving target .
the british public school system was firmly for the middle classes ( the upper crust being educated at home by private tutors ) .
and the modus operandi of if .... was to check the boxes of public school life which lindsay believed had been unexplored in film , thereby savaging middle class pretense .
homosexuality , generational cutlery , cold showers et al .
in reality , such issues had been covered in many other great british films , if .... merely brought them to the fore .
the browning version was a more oblique damning of such pomp , to name
but one.if .... is oddly quaint , and simply can not be viewed with modern ( especially american ) eyes .
kudos to anderson for avoiding mick and kieth in favour of african chant , and a few brownie points for the latent homoerotic overtones .
points deducted for pretension , establishing characters who disappear , and inciting a glib revolution which came to naught .
i 'll tell you what happened , some people with money thought it would be nice to ruin one of the best shows that was on tv .
did we really need a big screen re - make ?
did they ask the fans ?
i wonder how all the fans would feel if they did a remake of " rocky horror picture show " with actors like ashton krutcher , steve martin , britney spears , and kiefer southerland , took out all the music , and made it a drama .
do you think they would like that !
this movie does not have the same feel to it that the original had .
sure the original was a bit corny at times , but bo and luke were always nice , they got into trouble because they were always set up to get into trouble , and their main objective was to help people that passed through town .
none of that mattered to the people that made this film , they might have never even seen the original show all the way through .
my big question is , what will they ruin next ?
this film was terrible .
i have given it the high score of 2 as i have seen worse , but very few .
from the clichéd start of having the end of the film at the start and going back to the start at the end this film used everything in the box of tricks used in film making just for the sake of it , like a kid with too many toys .
there was the endless , boring repetitive narration , slow motion , freeze frame , flashbacks and merged images etc - none of which made a dull film any better .
it is called " 16 years of alcohol " , but there was little drinking or drunkeness and no depiction of withdrawal with the film jumping about all over the place with no coherent sense .
the story was badly written and extremely pretentious and the direction was equally poor and it is a shame that people have put up further money for more films by mr jobson , previously know for being in a rubbish group and on tv making as much sense as this film does .
i found it a major struggle to see this to the end
but in the hope of it getting better i carried on to the bitter
but it really was a waste of time
and i would have been better off not bothering .
i actually prefer robin williams in his more serious roles ( e.g. good will hunting , the fisher king , the world
according to garp ) .
these are my favorite robin williams movies .
but seize the day , although well - acted , is one of the worst movies i 've ever seen and certainly the worst robin williams movie ( even worse than death to smoochy , club paradise , and alladin on ice).every good story is going to have its ups and downs .
this movie , however , is one giant down .
i do n't need a feel - good hollywood cheese - fest , but i 've got to have something other than 90 minutes of complete and utter hopelessness .
this movie reminds me of " love liza " ( which is actually worse ) because it seems that the only point of the movie is to see how far one person can fall .
the answer ?
who cares .
first of all this movie starts out on a really dumb note : a 10-year - old girl , playing around in a moving vehicle , decides it would be funny to cover up her mom 's eyes with her hands , and then causes a horrific accident which kills the mom ....
duh ....
i am sorry , there is positively no 10-year - old that dumb .
the rest of the movie does not get much better .
after the death of the mother by the apparent dumbest 10-year - old on the planet , the dad moves the family to genova , italy , where he is to teach at a local university , but here is the clincher : he does not speak a word of italian !
then the little girl has " visions " of mommy ( who she killed ) , and often subsequent night terrors which always , always end by the father holding and coddling her .
then we are forced to watch this family continually get lost and then found and then hug and then cry and lost and then found ( followed by of course more hugging and crying ) to the point that i was actually wishing for some sort of natural disaster to just wipe all of these vapid , ignorant people off the planet .
do not get me wrong , because i love indies , but an indie about dumb people ( and i mean really dumb ) is simply ridiculous and pointless .
it is really a shame that this movie was based on such insipid characters wallowing in such retarded scenarios , because the locale was interesting .
this is one of those movies that you and a bunch of friends sit around drinking beers , eating pizza , and laugh at .
unfortunately for me i found myself watching this one alone .
my friends and i rented a big block of movies and never got around to seeing this one .
it was due back
and i figured that it was a waste not to watch it .
so i did , and i was impressed at how absolutely terrible this movie is .
now , i love bad movies quite a bit , and i probably would have liked this one if the " hero " was n't so utterly loathsome .
the entire movie i was hoping that he 'd put that stupid sword down and let someone kill him !
he does very little heroic things in the movie .
he 's a beefy , disgusting , stupid thing .
he has less redeeming qualities than the villains do .
and what was it with all the naked chicks ?
i mean , i love naked chicks just as much as the next guy , but this movie went a tad overboard in that department .
well , anyway , if you love bad movies and can stand a disgusting " hero " then i 'm sure you 'll like this schlock of a film .
why , oh , why wo n't they learn ?
when you 've got a nice , juicy exploitation gimmick , use it !
do n't go messing around trying to get all deep and thoughtful ; you 're only gon na wind up looking foolish .
christmas evil is the story of harry stadling , who saw a little bit too much of mommy kissing ( daddy - dressed - as-)santa claus back when he was a kid .
so , of course , harry grows up obsessed with christmas , and finally , when his disillusionment becomes too great , he flips out , dresses as santa , and wanders the city giving out toys to good little children , and viciously killing anyone he deems naughty .
simple enough , and not a bad place to start .
( after all , how many other holiday - themed horror flicks use the same schtick ? )
unfortunately , this film wants to be more " santa , portrait of a serial killer " than " silent night , deadly night " .
two - thirds of the film are spent documenting harry 's slow but inevitable breakdown , when i would have been willing to buy the premise by the time the opening titles were rolling .
you know a slasher film is in trouble when you find yourself urging the killer to just get on with it already .
perhaps harry 's descent into madness could have been compelling in the hands of a competent director , but alas , we 've got some guy named lewis jackson .
apparently , this is his only film , and it shows .
the action jumps giddily from scene to scene , without establishing shots or clear views of the actors to let us know where we are and who we are seeing .
even once the film gets rolling , we 're still treated to heaping helpings of harry 's self - pity , insecurity , and neurotic behavior .
more depressing than frightening , christmas evil is one to avoid .
i am marking this as a " spoiler " only because of some of my comments of the show 's content , not to the content itself .
as i read the comments it is apparent that those republicans somehow tolerate the show , but disdain it , while the democrats seems to relish in its so called truthfulness .
one reader even ( so it seems ) actually indicates that he believes these events did or could have happened when bush was in grade school .
but as to the content as i see it , trying to be neutral , is that the group that made this series must actually be really bush haters .
in the episode that i saw last , s02e03 , it showed that the program must have been put together long before mccain became the front runner for the nomination ; because , the other former front runners are all featured .
another thing that caught my attention , was the use of add in closets .
i thought that the series must have been made in europe of for sure not in the u.s.a. , because i know of no home
the u.s.a. that does not have built in closets , and most likely in the homes of the artists .
as i watch the show , yes i do get caught up in it , i am amazed to see what must be a terrific desire of the writers to do what they can to embarrass our president .
sure there are problems as most american will agree , but that is no reason to be so hateful in public displays seen around the world .
perhaps the trend has now been set by this show and network , so that if obama or hillary got in , would they continue to produce and air the same sort of " humor " about them?just one more comment on a commentator 's remarks .
if there had been some sort of change in the election back in 2000 , according to that writer , he was so sure that there would be a completely different acceptable president .
wow , wishful thinking on his part .
as far as 911 events , i do believe that it was set in motion back when clinton was president , and i ca n't see how if gore was president anything would be much different .
this is only a response to the yahoo who says this movie is more realistic than the classic , genre defining masterpiece , jaws .
yes , brainiac , great whites(and other species of shark , bull , black - tip , oceanic white - tip , tiger)have been known to populate areas where easy prey is found .
humans do n't often make it onto that menu , granted , but the shark in the film was repeatedly pointed out to be exhibiting abnormal behavior .
it 's not like it 's never happened .
the odds of a killer whale destroying nearly a whole town , singling out a human nemesis , sinking several dozen thick hulled north atlantic fishing boats and knowing when certain people , all friends of the aforementioned " nemesis " , are close enough to the water for it to reach , are so slim as to be laughable .
much like this turd of a jaws knock - off .
laughable .
great white sharks are also known to frequently chew on boats , protective underwater cages and people on rafts and surfboards , as they look like seals from below .
a shark the size of bruce(if
you do n't know , look it up)would be more than capable of sinking a boat like the orca(hey !
that 's the name of the blatant rip - off we 're discussing ! )
, as it would weigh upwards of 6,000 lbs .
i could go on , but i do n't need to .
jaws is amazing(better acting , better effects , better music , better writing ) , orca is crap(blatant rip - off of jaws , lousy writing , abominable effects , most ridiculous plot this side of an olson twins flick ) .
it does n't take a masters from columbia university to see that .
watch better movies .
this has to be one of the 5 worst movies ever made .
the plot looked intriguing like that of passenger 57 .
but with the latter movie it somehow worked a lot better .
the plot has been worked out in the worst possible way .
just a few of the awful moments in the movie , a flight attendant is standing in the opened doorway of a flying 747 and trying to close the door without being sucked out by the 250 mile per hour winds ? ! ?
thereafter the lands the aircraft from a few miles out starting at 8000 feet
, that s impossible even for 747 pilots with thousands of hour experience .
when on the runway ( perfectly straight of course ) she is instructed to pull on the flaps , huh ! !
come on flaps are there to ensure lift at low speeds , when on the runway you use thrust reverse on the engines and give maximum power !
i can go on and on about little and mostly big mistakes in the movie , but then my reply would become the size of the english dictionary .
this is a movie you want to miss , take my word for it !
my children watch the show everyday that its on .
its a great program for younger children .
however they need to stop showing re - runs and do some more actual shows and get rid of rooney 's and deedee 's yellow teeth .
moe is the only doodle bop with clean white pearlie teeth and the children notice these things and ask if the 2 do n't ever brush their teeth ?
does the show ever make its way to the united states and if so where can we find its schedule at .
and one other thing if we might be able to add .
moe you need to stop hiding so much .
sometimes when you pop up out of no where you scare the younger children and what s with the pulling of the rope ?
what does that signify ?
other then getting wet all the time .
they need to add newer things to their show instead of the same ole same ole .
kids loose interest that way .
as the number of video nasties i 've yet to see dwindles , this little pile of garbage popped up on my " to rent " list when i saw it was available .
the premise involves a fashion model or something being kidnapped and taken into the jungle to be held for ransom by a motley crew of idiots .
some other goof gets hired to bring her back and is given a sack of money to use as a bargaining chip , though if he returns with the girl and all the money , he gets a significant cut .
he 's brought a helicopter and pilot with him and , wow , that pilot is one of the worst actors ever !
granted , they are all totally terrible and the dubbing will make you cry blood .
after stealing away into the jungle , we learn that nearby is a cannibal cult whose flesheating earthbound god wanders the woods like a human king kong looking for tribeswomen to ravage and devour .
now , this fellow is just a naked guy with some of the worst makeup ever , ping - pong balls for eyes and that 's pretty much it .
his growls and groans are an everpresent feature on the soundtrack , and i found myself muting much of those scenes .
oh , did i forget to mention the almost constant nudity ?
this is probably the main reason this film was banned , though there is one specific scene , about one second long , where the god attacks a girl and pulls her guts out , but it 's not a redeeming factor for gore fans .
also , jess franco goes beyond the usual t and a and shows lengthy close - ups of female genitals , and , sadly , male as well .
so , if you want " fair " in terms of exploitation , you got it .
i ca n't recommend this trash to anyone .
it 's not even the good bad movie .
it 's just atrociously padded trash that only a video nasty fan will probably view and even then , if you are making your way through the list , leave this for the very last .
if you watch it first , you may get the notion that this is the norm for the list , which is certainly not true .
ok this movie was really " unique " shall we say .
carrie fisher was by far the most talented in the movie , even though it is said she had a coke problem during the movie .
but she said that she ca n't remember to much of it .
well that s her excuse
but what s everyone else 's ? ? ?
i ca n't imagine they all had a coke problem.whatever
it was n't all that bad
i mean i guess the plot was ok and it had some pretty funny moments .
although the part where the guy gets that thing shoved in his head was a little too violent for my taste .
oh well i guess i was disappointed cause carrie fisher is like so awesome and
this movie did nothing for her .
greenaway 's films pose as clever , erudite and innovative .
yet his style and grammar originate and remind viewers of films made in the world war 1 era of film - making : the frame composition , use of mid - shot , the static camera .
it may be well to rub against mainstream movies with this style but it is not new .
perhaps like that other " innovator " , ts eliot , he draws more from the past than in looking forward as an authentic innovator would or could .
yet greenaway 's biggest failing is that he can not write .
his dialog and even plot structure is mechanical and logical but without the vitality of another dramatic logician , brecht .
where this weakness is most apparent is in his humor , which is poised and logical , so the joke is dead before it 's delivered .
the result is tedium : if it 's not funny , it has failed : ask a stand - up comedian to justify their act if the audience does n't respond .
perhaps the well - read director could learn something from freud on humor .
finally , like woody allen , greenaway has manipulated his actors over the years to work like clones .
they speak the lines with a bored , smug air like narcissistic adolescents .
this film , despite its design and lighting , is meretricious .
so it 's a low - budget " film " ( i used the quotes because it was shot in hi-8 video ) .
the acting is universally horrid , the makeup is laughable ( the blood looks like it came from sherwin - williams
and i 've seen more convincing bruises made from halloween ghoul kits ) , and the lighting generally looks like they used someone 's borrowed toyota pickup to shine headlights on the actors .
i might be able to forgive these low - budget traits if there were some actual content , if a movie made an attempt to tell a story .
but this collection of video footage can boast of no plot , no real characters , and no momentum .
it 's a self - indulgent mess .
and do n't worry -- no spoilers here , 'cause there 's absolutely nothing to spoil .
a truly muddled incomprehensible mess .
most things in the film look more or less like 1987 , but then there are futuristic things just thrown in , like the policeman 's ray gun .
and that car !
the director seemed to be in love with colored lights .
the only really notable performance was the girl who played valerie , but since there was no cast listing , i do n't know which actress that was .
this one is worth missing .
grade : f
i read all these reviews on here about how this is a such a good movie .
jeez , this movie was predictable and pretty boring .
the acting was below average most of the time , especially by mckenna .
i have n't seen a more pathetic attempt at making someone " badass " in a movie .
oh man , this movie was a letdown .
i also read somewhere this might be a cult classic .
i know there are followers of the director , but this movie was just a average piece of film .
the script was lame , for the most part the acting was lame , this movie was lame .
oh and pray for the guy that used to be in cheers .
he looks really bad .
the best actor in this movie was probably the guy in office space , and he was only in this movie for about 8 minutes.4/10
one of a multitude of slashers that appeared in the early eighties , pranks is notable only for an early performance by daphne zuniga ( the sure thing , the fly 2 ) ; her character dies fairly early on , and the rest of the film is totally forgettable .
during their christmas break , a group of students volunteer to clear a condemned college building of its furniture .
a crazy killer , however , throws a spanner in the works by methodically bumping off the youngsters one by one in a variety of gruesome ways .
exploiting every stalk ' n ' slash cliché in the book , director jeffrey obrow delivers a tedious and unexciting horror that had me praying for the characters to be killed , so that i could get on with watching something more worthwhile .
the majority of the deaths ( which , let 's face it , is why we generally watch this kind of film ) are brief and not that gory ; the only truly grisly imagery comes right at the end when the bodies of the victims are discovered by the remaining survivor
( there is one notably bloody dismembered corpsethe film could 've done with more).at the last minute , the film saves itself from the disgrace of receiving the lowest possible score from me by having a nice unexpectedly downbeat ending , but this really is one for slasher completists only .
cartoon network seems to be desperate for ratings .
beginning with the cancellation of samurai jack , the network seemed hellbent on removing all the shows that made it so popular , such as the powerpuff girls , dexter 's lab , dragonball z , etc .
when the ratings started to plummet , cn began putting up some pretty mediocre shows .
though total drama island / action and chowder stand out because of their clever writing and audience - pleasing gimmicks , there are plenty of other shows that either terrible remakes ( george of the jungle ) or rip offs of other shows , such as the marvelous misadventures of flapjack , where the title character acts just like spongebob , and then there 's johnny test , which is something of a replacement for dexter 's laboratory , though it 's much more of a sheer rip off than anything .
the show 's characters are clearly derived from dexter 's lab , only this time the focus is on johnny , a blonde ( or fiery - haired ) character who torments his twin sisters , susan and mary , who just happen to look just like dexter , from the orange hair , to the glasses , the impossible technology .
there is even a rival genius named bling bling boy or eugene , who appears to be sitting in for mandark .
then there 's dookie , johnny 's best friend and talking dog , one of dexter's ...
i mean , susan and mary 's early experiments .
dexter 's laboratory was probably one of the best cartoons on television , with its simple , but effective art style , lovable main character , and episodes that do n't seem to be a long drag .
johnny test is a lot different .
the art style here is n't nearly as eye - pleasing .
in fact , it looks absolutely awful .
the characters have motivations that make them really annoying or repulsive .
like how most of the series ' episodes consist johnny and dookie 's quest for havoc on the neighborhood girl sissy , whom johnny secretly likes , or the twins ' obsession over a boy next door .
seeing these two geniuses swoon at the sight of abs and the fact that johnny appears to be someone you would never want to associate with , there is no real connection between the viewer and characters .
one thing the series heavily exploits in its name is that johnny is susan and mary 's guinea pig for their experiments .
these range from turning johnny fat , ugly , monstrous , and even into a woman .
the twins then help johnny in whatever scheme he 's planning in return for his services .
whenever there 's an episode involving this kind of " win / win " deal , it usually comes undone at the seems and those that does n't come completely off the rails never ends satisfyingly .
the writing ranges from mediocre to horrid , however .
the ' fat ' episode constantly repeats "
it 's phat with a ph .
there 's a difference , you know . "
which is a line that should never be repeated , especially when the episode seems to promote child obesity , with johnny becoming a famous star with money and videogames just by becoming fat .
let 's talk about how the show does n't completely rip off dexter 's lab .
the show tosses in a lot of characters , from two men - in - black named mr. black and mr. white , a military general who seems to need all his problems solved through johnny and his sisters , and lots of super villains , though even here , the show again steals ideas for other sources , like a mr. freeze teenage clone , an evil cat with a butler who wants cats to rule over man ( like the evil talking cat from powerpuff girls ) , a bumbling maniac mastermind , a trio of evil skater ' dudes ' and even a mole man , which is probably the most cliché villain in the media .
to top it all off , alongside its ugly animation and unlikeable characters , the voice acting is either passable ( like the voices for mr. black and mr. white ) to just plain ear - splitting ( johnny , dookie , and just about every villain in the show ) .
the theme song seems to be the only catchy thing to this show , but then it was redone just a few episodes with a band that just ruined it .
so in the end , johnny test is not a good cartoon .
its horrible references and jokes about teen culture will dismantle little children 's interest in the show , while its bright coloring , ripped - off characters , and dragging episodes will ruin the experience for teens .
it 's just another one of those crappy shows that cartoon network is over - promoting to trick people to watching it ( like mtv toward rap ) .
if you need a show that will satisfy your children for a half hour , you 'd better stick to spongebob , because johnny test is more of a " test " of patience than anything else .
i sat through almost one episode of this series and just could n't take anymore .
it felt as though i 'd watched dozens of episodes already , and then it hit me .....
there 's nothing new here !
i 've heard that joke on seinfeld , i saw someone fall like that on friends , an episode of happy days had almost the same storyline , ect .
none of the actors are interesting here either !
some were good on other shows ( not here ) , and others are new to a profession they should have never entered .
avoid this stinker !
we all knew even before it aired , the ron moore mini - series is no battlestar galactica .
that 's fine .
it just means it must stand on its own .
it ca n't lean on battlestar galactica .
if it 's any good , it 's good on it 's own merits , and ron moore has something to be proud of .
if reports are true , this is what moore wanted .
however , if his mini - series rots , he has shamed all the excellent actors that performed on - screen , not to mention the myriad off - screen personnel .
and this is what he 's done .
yes , this mini - series is no remake .
i would n't even call it a re - imagining .
it 's a new production , inspired by battlestar galactica .
it does not take place in the galactica universe , with the same places and jargon and technology .
it does n't tell of the galactica 's search for the thirteenth tribe .
nor does it rely on the legends and mysteries that underpinned galactica .
ron moore 's mini - series is a space - opera , action flick with a ceremonial nod to battlestar galactica .
maybe i should say , " just another " space - opera , action flick .
because as plots go , his has little that 's original , or even interesting .
i could relay the whole thing to you without a spoiler warning .
but i wo n't inflict that on you .
i 'll just hit the most important point .
ready now ?
here it is : just watch the trailer .
it will tell you everything there is in the story .
yes , creations of man turn on man and seek to destroy man .
( i guess they forgot azimov 's rules , again . )
they look like humans , so there 's the whole aliens - among - us thing .
at least there 's no time - travel .
oh , and lots of fighting scenes and random acts of sex and violence .
the end result was that when moore did draw from galactica , that ceremonial nod , it came off more corny than respectful .
i mean , could n't he even think up anything of his own?from the first few minutes
, i wanted to watch something else .
i did n't care about any of moore 's characters , since i could n't identify with any of them .
this fact hit me in the face when the cylons began their attack .
armageddon on a planetary scale , and i did n't give a damn .
how depressing .
moore 's heroes when faced with an insurmountable obstacle , instead of overcoming it , rather tucked tail and saved their own butts .
after all , it was the only way to save humanity , yadda yadda yadda .
they took the safe way out , rather than risking their own lives to defend others .
at least disgust is not apathy .
but in the end , the ron moore mini - series was just activity without purpose , a movie on a treadmill , forever running yet going nowhere .
and i just wanted it to be over .
and by the time it was over , my life - force had been sucked from me .
against my own will , i was turning into a mindless , soulless zombie , probably of the type to which this mini - series would appeal .
i needed to replenish myself .
i needed to - and i swear this is true -
i needed to watch an episode of babylon 5 .
two episodes , in fact , and i felt much better .
and happier .
i bet you gene simmons and vincent pastore negotiated in advance how many episodes they would be willing to appear in .
is n't just too contrived for gene to switch to the ladies team and then throw himself on his sword ?
and big pussy ?
what the hell was that " look at me , i 'm a rat ! "
double episode crap ?
all that cliché mafia banter-
come on !
the big names voted off just happened to already have received money for their charity and got a custom tailored exit .
hmm ...
this is not reality but staged drama !
mark burnett 's other show , " survivor " also raised questions for me when johnny fairplay stages his departure when he clearly had just a short time before his child is to be born .
perhaps being a former moscovite myself and having an elastic sense of humor prevents me from tossing this movie into the ' arthouse / festival crap ' trashcan .
it 's not the greatest film of 2005 , nor is it complete garbage .
it just has a lot of problems .
i also sincerely doubt this movie was banned due to any ' ideological fears ' , or ' conservative taboos ' or any other reason this movie might conversely be called ' courageous ' and ' uncompromising ' abroad .
it was banned because the censors knew 99 % of the russian film - goers would find it offensive because of the bad taste exercised during the shooting and editing of this otherwise dull film .
so we have a strong opening shot .
wonderful sound design , excellent premise - laden with meaning and symbolism .
the usage and placement of symbols will consistently be of the film 's strongest aspects ( not that the number 4 is a daunting visual challenge ) .
over the next 40 minutes we have an equally strong setup .
an amusing and well - written bar conversation among the 3 ( main ? ) characters , and we feel pathos for these people , the great country of russia , the human condition and all that .
then the movie starts slowing down .
we begin to wonder what -yawn- lies ahead .
the rest is quite boring , simply put .
sure , the guy in the village tugs the heartstrings , and there are some slightly amusing moments .
nice sound , sure .
but the enjoyment of this movie , not to mention the plot , are seriously compromised by the pacing problems .
and this , this lack of a payoff for sitting through all the ( nicely - shot ) abject misery and bleakness , is what ultimately will make people angry at the ' offensive ' stuff ( personally , the main offensive scene bordered on being endearing , in that pathetic way harmless drunks can appear).if you want to watch an enjoyable movie where russians get wasted for prolonged periods of time ( the entire film ) , watch particulars of the national hunt .
much more rewarding post - soviet stuff .
so yeah , a 4 out of 10 for 4 , nice and symbolic of my post - mediocre - film condition .
after watching the first 20mn of blanche(sorry
i could n't take more of it ) , i have now confirmed she does not .
basically , this " movie " is an insult to the real french actors participating in this farcical piece of junk .
it starts from a concept successfully used in french comedies ( " deux heures moins le quart avant jesus christ " , " la folie des grandeurs " , ... ) : a historical movie with anachronic tone / dialogues .
this can give brilliant results if supported by brilliant actors and a " finesse " of direction avoiding the dreaded " heavy comedy " stigma .
unfortunately , the horsey - faced lou doillon ruins everything and blanche , instead of a comedy , just turns into an horror movie .
horror to cinephiles who want to be puzzled and shocked watching fine actors such as decaune , zem or rochefort struggling in the middle of this gaudy burlesque kitchy - prissy farce .
horrible film with bits of the ramones strewn about .
your worse than average 1970's/80 's comedy format of the cool kids taking over the school with some whimsical plan .
this movie is terrible .
the plot consists of a girl who enjoys the ramones and a school bent on fighting against their oppressive administration .
forget this movie and watch something like wild zero starring guitar wolf if you want an entertaining b movie .
terrible acting , terrible writing , terrible plot with the stamp of approval of the ramones who probably needed some money quick
so they said yes to this movie .
that is the only logical thing i can think of because this movie blows .
formula flick of guy who wants girl , guy who will lie to get next to girl , guy who will get best friend to help in outrageous way ( comedus reliefus , no ? ) to help deceive girl , etc .
this one 's been done to death , and with rare exception of a few z - rated outings , it 's been done better .
stale plot aside
, the leads are attractive and there 's a couple of good moments .
jonathon schaech has done better , and his acting here came close to being phoned in .
not a complete loss , but nothing new here in this tepid affair .
ridiculous fluff , that compounds its error by trying to have meaning .
joan , this time as a congresswoman , agatha reed , chairwoman of a committee dedicated to " investigating the high cost of food . " says congresswoman reed , " the housewife has been getting it in the neck too long .
i 'm going to keep fighting long enough so that the american family can take a vacation once a year , see a movie every week and feed an occasional peanut to an elephant .
" she 's all business , but becomes all gushy when she is awarded an honorary degree from good hope college , where she was expelled for the crime of having stayed out all night ( the parallel to joan 's real life is unmistakable here , as it is in all joan movies ) .
the degree causes much consternation on campus ( " that would make it the most broad - minded institution in the history of education ! " )
but joan is unaware of this as she arrives .
the college president , jim merrill , played by robert young , at his handsomest , happens to be joan 's former teacher  and lover .
it was with * him * that she spent the night out , all those years ago , but joan felt it was better to just disappear rather than try and explain to the skeptical college that they were about to be married .
naturally , this high - profile event will be covered by * life * magazine  and who does the photographer turn out to be ?
yet another of joan 's old lovers  this one
, she hung out with in china " during the war " , and he thinks joan might be headed for trouble with her old flame .
eve arden , playing joan 's assistant , " woodie , " is at her butchest and most smart - alecky in this movie  with her flippant and unnecessary remarks that would make you dismiss her from her job , if you did n't like her so much .
but you not only like eve in this , as in all her roles , you adore her .
she is so droll and no - nonsense , you 'd like to pay her just to hang around and be one of the boys .
when joan cries upon arriving at her alma mater , eve tells her it " looks fierce . "
but joan says that maybe others only see a collection of buildings , she , joan , sees youth  herself at 18 " eager , expectant  a little frightened , asking ' what is life ?
what am i ? '
but , of course , if we actually go into depth about joan at 18 , the truth may be a little different .
for me , this is the major problem in watching any joan movie .
you can call her characters whatever you want to , but it 's always all joan , all the time .
so , since what we 're always seeing is joan being herself , it 's easy to dispense with character 's names .
it 's just that it gets confusing when joan tries to tell us something patently untrue , like her description of herself at 18  when we know that at 18 , joan had already been around the block several times .
many men would have described her as eager , and as far as being expectant , she had already had several abortions at this point .
but that 's a personal problem , and i digress , but i simply wanted to explain why i say things such as " 
and then joan does 
" this or that , or " we see joan as ...
" when we are not literally watching a home movie .
there is an unintentionally hilarious moment in which joan is given the clara bow doll that she left behind in college 
quick arithmetic tells us that joan and clara were contemporaries and this is a transparent ploy to make us believe joan is much younger than she actually looks .
it fails .
what also fails is an attempt at early-50s political correctness .
in the story , joan has written a book about free speech and made a film ( no , not the one about the plumber ) , and she attracts the attention of an early 50s campus radical , dr. pitt , who is about to be fired for his views , which are shockingly similar to joan 's .
this is where the movie mysteriously becomes a morality tale a weak one , to be sure , but perhaps the only thing that keeps it from sliding into oblivion .
that 's what my friend brian said about this movie after about an hour of it .
he was n't able to keep from dozing off .
i had been ranting about how execrable it was and finally i relented and played it , having run out of adjectives for " boring " .
imagine if you will , the pinnacle of hack - work .
something so uninspired , so impossibly dreadful , that all you want to do after viewing it is sit alone in the dark and not speak to anybody .
some people labor under the illusion that this movie is watchable .
it is not , not under any form of narcotic or brain damage .
i would only recommend this to someone in order to help them understand how truly unbearable it is .
do n't believe me ?
gather ' round .
granted , as a nation , we in america do n't always portray middle eastern peoples in a tasteful manner .
but how about a kid in a sheik outfit bowing in salaam - fashion to a stack of castrol motor oil bottles ?
you 'll find that here .
get it ?
the arab worships oil .
i could n't believe what i was seeing .
having the kid fly planes into a skyscraper would 've been more appropriate .
who in their right mind would think that was a funny joke ?
it 's not even close to " cleverly offensive " .
it just sucks and makes you want to punch whomever got paid to write that bit in the face .
in the middle of the film , a five - man singing group called the " landmines " takes the stage at an officers ' ball .
okay- are you ready ?
the joke is they sing terribly and off - key .
why did i write that in caps also ?
because the joke is pound , pound , pounded into
your head with a marathon of horrendous sight gags .
they start off mediocre enough ; glasses cracking , punch tumblers shattering ...
then there is ,
i am 100 % serious , a two - frame stop - motion sequence of a woman 's shoes coming off .
you read that correctly-
the music was so bad , in one frame , the woman 's feet have shoes on .
in the very next-
the shoes are off ! ! !
get it , because the music was so bad , her shoes came off !
what the f ? ? ?
then there is an endless montage of stock footage to drive home the point that the singing is bad .
if any human being actually suffered through this scene in the theater without running like hell , i would be astonished .
this movie is honestly like a practical joke to see how fast people would bolt out the doors .
robert downey sr . directs comedy the way his son commands respect by staying drug - free .
badly .
other things to watch out for:1 .
the popular music shoehorned in wherever possible .
every time liceman appears , a really inappropriate iggy pop song plays .
plus all the actors do their best to act like it got really chilly for some reason.2 .
barbara bach 's criminally awful accent .
she sounds like she 's trying to talk like a baby while rolling a marble around on her tongue .
there is no nudity , and there are several scenes where the boys all moan and writhe from a glimpse of her cleavage , like they 're in a community school acting class
and they 've been directed to act like aroused retarded people .
liceman feeds his revolting dog a condom .
remember ; when this movie came out throwing in " abortion " and " condom " was seen as " edgy " .
tom poston plays a mincing , boy - hungry pedophile , back when hollywood thought " pedophile " and " homosexual " were one in the same .
flat - out embarrassing .
watch the ending .
nothing is wrong with your vcr .
that is actually the ending .
tell me that does n't make you want to explode everyone who 's ever made any movie , ever .
watch this at your own risk .
up the academy has been known to actually make other movies , like the jerk or blazing saddles , less funny simply by placing the videotape near them .
ringmaster , jerry springer 's pathetic excuse for wasting film that should be recycled as toilet paper recently destroyed my confidence in the art of film .
first of all , it was made .
second of all , people went to see it .
third , some people voted it the best movie they have ever seen .
if a monkey could make a movie , i 'm 100 percent sure that it would be 1 billion times as good .
most crappy movies have their moments , ( even godzilla had a few cool special effects ) this film 's moment was when i left the theater nauseated .
the only thing that possibly could 've made this movie any worse would be if jerry springer was the star .
if i want to stare at crap for an hour and a half , i 'll take a dump in a can .
if anyone did n't utterly despise this movie , i pity you , and your children , and your children 's children 's children ; however , contrary to springer 's beliefs , i clearly do n't condone children having sex .
i noticed with some amusement that in the end credits , the detroit pd is thanked for their participation .
the chief of police even has one speaking line playing himself ( and boy , can you tell he ca n't act ) .
the reason for the amusement is that in this movie the police shoot first and ask questions later .
not the kind of pr , i would think a police force would want .
other than that , this is your standard cops and robbers film dressed up for the ' 70 's with a racial angle .
alex rocco is given a thankless role of a lifer cop that ca n't get ahead and is saddled with a mentally ill wife .
he makes up for this by hanging out at the local whorehouse .
hari rhodes is his dashing partner that has a groovy wardrobe and likes to chase after suspects while wearing a trenchcoat .
the movie moves along until the penultimate shootout that makes absolutely no sense ( why do people that are only guilty of a robbery , take on a whole police force ? ) .
not only do we see one shootout but since there are four bad guys , we get to see four .
then there is a twist ending that is supposed to leave one guessing what really would have happened but only left me thinking how stupid it was .
seeing that director arthur marks was also behind the braindead " friday foster " and " bucktown " , i should n't have wondered .
i have only recently been able to catch up with the films of marilyn miller since they are not shown on tcm in the uk.i have been much intrigued over the years because this was one of the superstars of the 20s .
what was she really like .
to some stars of this era like jolson some of the magic still shines through , but alas not for miller .
her dancing seems awkward and poorly choreographed , her singing somewhat limited and as an actress she makes ruby keeler seem like hepburn .
even worse in this film as the public had grown tired of musicals virtually all of the musical numbers have been deleted .
so we are left with a comedy of that period with little real appeal .
she was being paid $ 500000 for this!so
i have only two conclusion .
either she was poorly served by the cinema or she had no talent at all .
i think that the truth is nearer the later than the former .
this was one of the worst movies i 've ever seen .
horrible acting , not funny at all , and well just boring .
i can only assume all these 10 out of 10 fav .
all time movie comments are actually the actors themselves in disguise .
idk what the runtime on this movie is
i 'm sure its listed on this page
it certainly felt like an eternity if your looking for a tough challenge , attempt to sit through this awful movie.otherwisedon't waste your time as i did on this one
the only good thing about this movie was the shot of goldie hawn standing in her little french cut bikini panties and struggling to keep a dozen other depraved women from removing her skimpy little cotton top while she giggled and cooed .
ooooof !
her loins rival those of nina hartley .
this movie came out when i was fourteen and that shot nearly killed me .
i 'd forgotten about it all tucked away in the naughty roladex of my mind until seeing it the other day on tv , where they actually blurred her midsection in that scene , good grief , reminding me what a smokin ' hottie of a woman goldie hawn was in the ' 80s .
kurt russell must have had a fun life .
i watched mask in the 80 's and it 's currently showing on fox kids in the uk ( very late at night ) .
i remember thinking that it was kinda cool back in the day and had a couple of the toys too but watching it now bores me to tears .
i never realised before of how tedious and bland this cartoon show really was .
it 's just plain awful !
it is no where near in the same league as the transformers , he - man or thundercats and was very quickly forgot by nearly everyone once it stopped being made .
i only watch it on fox kids because ulysses 31 comes on straight after it ( that 's if mask does n't put me to sleep first ) .
one of the lesser 80 's cartoons that i hope to completely forget about again once it finishes airing on fox kids !
how do comments like the one that was the headline by high school girls even make it on this site , this was the stupidest movie i have ever seen
, it was ridiculous , how can any moron sit there and say that just because a movie makes you jump it is a good movie , that might be the most idiotic thing i have ever heard , i could sneak up behind you and go " boo " and it would make you jump , but that does not mean i am qualified to write or direct a movie , not to mention " they tied everything together at the end " is not a good reason for a movie to be well received .
what kind of movie would it be if they did n't tie everything together
, i guess that would make it half a movie , not a whole movie .
so basically this idiot girl is complimenting them for finishing the movie , well i love how the youth of today hold the media and production companies to such a high standard .
no wonder the political system of this country can get away with whatever they want
, we have idiots like that coming up in our country , what would happen if this girl actually ends up leading something someday
, that is a scary thought .
get a life and go watch a real movie sometime , try shawshank redemption or on the waterfront , or something like that , and do n't comment that it was " boring " after you see it , just use what little brain god gave you to analyze it a little .
from the mind of harry alan towers comes another piece of cinematic sludge .
supposedly based on the work of h. rider haggard , the only similarity it bears to anything haggard actually wrote is that it takes place in africa ( albeit an africa that has dinosaurs - which our intrepid adventurers use to pull their canoes ! ) , and has some characters with the same names .
our heroes ( david mccallum , patrick mcnee and john colico ) set out to seek treasure , armed only with a medallion , and end up precisely where the treasure is , purely by chance .
on the way , they meet a motley assortment of extremely lame monsters , pick up a french chef , and mccallum has an affair with the queen of phoenicia .
it 's so ridiculous , it 's a hoot .
that 's the only reason i did n't give it a 1 .
this film is exactly what you get when you really over stretch your abilities , it 's like someone who has just passed there driving test and then pitting them in a formula 1 grand prix ( not i might add ,
the us grand prix as everyone might pull out due to dodgy tyres and you might just win )
, that is how far short this film falls .
now do n't take this the wrong way , i love b - movies , around half my collection is made of b - movies
but i do n't think there are enough letters in the alphabet to describe how bad this film is .
first of the story ( for a b - movie ) is n't that bad , it has potential there to make a b - movie brand , were not talking friday 13th potential , but potential none the less .
but what really lets this film down is the acting , at not one second
do i believe anything
, it 's like watching qvc except the presenters on qvc tend to have a heavier tan .
in summary i 'd like to say i 've seen worse films , but i ca n't .
even though an animated film it really bored everyone under
at least 6.as a grown up who grew up in an area with wild horses and native americans , it felt this was a combination of pc mixed in with too many fantasy films created by people who never lived in the area they filmed about .
talk to those who have lived on horse back , most treat their animals like family members , regardless of background .
regardless of background we have dealt with good and bad breakers of wild horses .
i had to explain that was a real life issues to us vs the movie makers
views to children who were surprised to see how pc showed a world different than what they knew in reality .
this dreamworks break from the normal disney or dreamworks fare of cute talking animals burning up the screen
was nice from the older viewer point of view .
but if you live in an area similar to what is shown , you may end up answering questions .
yet another colourful excuse for men in rubber suits to wrestle with each other .
this time around , time travellers from the future arrive in 1992 and recruit a few people to go back with them to 1944 and prevent the creation of godzilla , thus saving a future japan from destruction .
but having accomplished this task , the time travellers are revealed to be a bunch of double crossers whose own creature goes on the rampage , and with no godzilla to stop it   eek !
it all sounds very silly , and it probably is , but the plot is surprisingly decent and the final battle looks pretty good too .
unfortunately the rest of the visual effects are just rubbish rather than enjoyably rubbish , and the movie turns out to be just as dull as its predecessors .
look out for the shaky spielberg in - joke .
you may want to know up front that i am not a mormon , unlike a good number of those who have already reviewed this film .
i mention this
so you 'll understand that the way i look at the film may differ greatly from those in the faith .
for some , being critical of the film might be seen as being critical of the faith -- and that is not my intention .
so , my review is that of an outsider trying to look inside and learn more about who this man and his people were .
well , after seeing the film , i doubt if i have learned much at all .
since i have been a history teacher , i have a good basic understanding about young as well as joseph smith as well as the teachings of the church .
but anyone wanting to see this film to really learn anything will probably be disappointed because the film seems so gosh - darn nice -- too nice and too unrealistic in its portrayal .
plus , you learn practically nothing about the church 's beliefs other than they are nice people , work hard and some have many wives ( and this latter part is only barely hinted at in the film ) .
instead , the people are almost cartoon - like in their simplistic portrayals .
joseph smith and brigham young and their followers are angelic , the non - mormons were all devils and brian donlevy ( playing exactly the same sort of role edward g. robinson later played in the ten commandments ) is the trouble - maker who claims to be a mormon but just comes along so the film can have a bad guy .
it 's all so very simple .... too simple .
almost like an indoctrination film or infomercial .
brigham young especially was a very complex man -- with many good points ( an excellent organizer and visionary ) as well as bad ( do n't even get me started on his views about blacks within the church or intermarriage ) .
to portray him in such vague terms is just plain silly .
it 's also a lot like how gandhi was portrayed in the film with ben kingsley -- only the facts that led to his being almost super - human were emphasized .
heck , now that i think about that , this is the trouble with most religious films -- they often come off as one - dimensional , trite and bland .
let 's have a full and more complete film of these men -- one that will stick to facts and not emotional appeals .
now if you can ignore the fact that you wo n't learn very much about the faith or its second leader , the film is enjoyable enough .
it 's obvious someone at
20th century - fox really cared about the film , as they had a wonderful cast of both premier actors ( tyrone power ) , up and coming actors ( linda darnell , jane darwell and vincent price ) and wonderful character actors ( dean jagger , john carradine and brian donlevy ) .
the film also had wonderful location shooting and lots of gloss .
it just did n't have a lot to tell us other than they were all " swell " .
plus , there were plenty of factual errors and a few just plain dumb scenes .
a few of the mistakes include young taking over the helm immediately after the death of joseph smith ( it was three years later ) , no mention of the various mormon denominations and splinter groups , talk of " gold in california"--even though it was 1847 and gold would n't be discovered until 1948 , as well as no specific mention of polygamy or smith 's many wives .
just plain dumb scenes include carradine pulling out a gun and waving it about in the courtroom scene -- and no one seemed to care -- even though it was a very hostile audience !
do n't you think at least the judge would tell him to put it away and stop threatening people with it?!one final comment .
do not , i repeat , do not watch this film when it 's shown on american movie classics ( a one great station that has sunk a lot in recent years ) .
while i am critical of the film because of its simplistic message , i was horrified with the complete disrespect the station had for the church and its traditions .
what i mean is this .
the film was punctuated with ads for penis enlargement formulas as well as tons of pop - ups ( some advertising a show that features the " sexiest cast " ) .
talk about disrespectful and gross and i would be just as offended if they did this for any other religious film .
by doing this , they not only insult the faith but marginalize their market -- after all , who is into hearing about these things and the life of brigham young ? !
is this a movie , in this form , that you can show to your kids or recommend to others ? !
city girl meg tilly receives a horrifying phone call from her mother and , understandably shaken , returns home to her family 's rural digs , only to be faced with a mystery :
why are all the homespun residents acting out in bizarre and unsettling ways ?
radiation thriller , with barely a nod to ecology , has small town residents going berserk , which ( laughably ) includes two women gazing at each other with desire in a public place and tim matheson receiving oral attention from a girl on an office bench .
the picture is too silly for words , wasting tilly 's wistfulness and quiet intensity on trash while forcing itself into a corner it ca n't possibly hope to get out of .
some of the cinematography by thomas del ruth is good ( particularly a fire sequence set inside a garage ) , though he is let down by the scrappy editing -- and a fairly bathetic finale .
simplistic screenplay has nary a surprise nor a shred of originality up its sleeve .
from * * * *
student seduction finds saved by the bell alumni elizabeth berkley on the other side of the desk and attracting the attention of young and hunky corey sevier .
speaking for myself i can truthfully say that no teachers save one ever did anything for me hormonally back when i was a student .
that was a ms. diaz who was a music teacher in junior high school .
even as a young gay kid , i could see what she was doing to the rest of the class .
she was the only teacher i had who in any way could have been played by elizabeth berkley .
corey being the hotty he is , is also used to having his own way with women whether they agree or not .
the fact that he comes from rich parents reinforces that belief .
he 's flunking chemistry which is what berkley teaches and to keep his gpa up
she agrees to tutor , but believe no more .
so when he attempts a rape and gets no for an answer
it 's damaging to his ego .
when berkley goes out of channels and reports the crime to the police , the cops who are keeping in mind the cases of pamela smart and mary kay letourneau just do n't believe here .
sevier 's parents have the wherewithal to get a good publicity spin on this for their boy .
student seduction which is a misnomer of a title if there ever was one is trash all the way .
after the beating that berkley took for showgirls this tv film was not an upward career move .
i saw this movie for 2 reasons -- i like gerard butler and christopher plummer .
unfortunately , these poor men were forced to carry a pretty dumb movie .
i liked the idea that dracula is actually a reincarnation of judas iscariot , because it does explain his disdain for all things christian , but there was so much camp that this idea was not realized as much as it could have been .
i see this movie more as a way for the talented gerard butler to pay his dues before being truly recognized and a way for the legendary christopher plummer to remind the public ( me and the 5 other people who saw this film ) that he still exists .
i actually enjoyed the special features on the dvd more than the movie itself .
" indian burial ground " : if those three words appear anywhere in a real - estate listing , look for a different neighborhood .
a young couple with a young daughter and a toddler - age son move into a maine house adjacent to a pet cemetery -- and , after a l - o - o - o - ng hike , an ancient indian burial ground .
seems the indian ground can bring fido or fluffy back from the dead -- if you do n't mind having a raving hell beast for a pet .
it can do the same for dead people -- if you do n't mind having a homicidal zombie around the house .
throw in a busy two - lane blacktop , speeding big rigs , a well - meaning ( if somewhat dim ) old neighbor , and one kid who really does n't get enough supervision , and i think you can figure out what happens from there -- an over - the - top , illogical mess , which , in all fairness , does offer up a few scares .
well , there are worse stephen king adaptations ( such as " maximum overdrive , " which king also directed ) .
but there are far better ones , too ( such as " salem 's lot , " " the dead zone , " and both versions of " the shining " ) .
predictable , hackneyed & poorly written .
foolishly i reasoned such a prominent cast would not be involved unless it had merit .
i guess competition amongst actors is so intense these days ( and will only get worse ) that one can not pick and choose much any more .
early on we were given an inkling who was was instrumental in the assassination and we had it rammed down our throats ever since .
the movie lacked intrigue , giving us little insight into the victim and only one possible motive for the murder .
some of the discourse was , frankly , embarrassing !
it 's hard to believe anyone would even consider , let alone commit to , the spending of tens of millions of dollars to make this tripe .
to call a movie like " thinner " bad is like calling the earth round or pauly shore un - talented .
no news , but how they got that way is what people want to know .
as far as this movie ....
the book was good , even if it was a little derivative of other stories from the " be careful what you wish for " genre .
burke plays an overweight lawyer who kills the daughter of a gypsy and is cursed by her father ( constantine from tv 's " room 222 " ) to several pounds a day .
like i said , it starts out good , but why involve the mobster ( mantegna ) ?
why fire automatic weapons so much ?
why turn it into something so heavily dependent on fx ?
i thought it would have been much more effective if it focused more on the subtle ramifications of weight loss crazes , diseases , death , gypsy lore and such .
but no , it 's not to be .
remember , this is stephen king we 're talking about .
and the ending ... almost the same as the book , but a little too talky .
in fact the whole movie talks too much , feeling it has to explain every plot turn to us .
not that i expected " the dead zone " , but i could have done without another " pet sematary " , thanks anyway .
one star for at least trying to do a halfway decent makeup job .
however , the rest of the movie is left to be ... say it with me ...
" thinner " .
unhinged was part of the video nasty censorship film selection that the uk built up in the 80 's .
keeps the gory stuff out of the hands of children , do n't you know !
it must have left many wondering what the fuss was all about .
by today 's standard , unhinged is a tame little fairy tale.3 girls are off to a jazz concert ... and
right away , you know the body count is going to be quite low .
they get lost in the woods , & wind up getting in a car accident that looks so fake it 's laughable .
they are picked up by some nearby residents that live in the woods in a creepy house .
one of the girls is seriously injured and has to stay upstairs .
then there 's talking .
talking about why the girls are here , and how they must be to dinner on time because mother does n't like it when someone is late .
and more talking .
yakkity yak .
some suspense is built as a crazy guy is walking around and harassing the girls , and someone 's eyeball is looking through holes in the walls at the pretty girls in something that looks like hitchcock 's psycho .
i digress because there is so much blah blah in this film , that you wonder when the killings are going to start .
in fact , one of the girls gets so bored out of her mind that she walks in the woods , alone , looking for the town .
smart move .
she probably knew about the lonely virgin walking alone in the woods part , but just did n't care .
more talk continues after this as we wait , wait , and wait some more until the next girl may or may not be killed .
and then there 's the twist ending .
the " expected " unexpected for some viewers , for others a real gotcha .
quite possibly the only reason why someone would really want to watch this .
i do n't care how twisted it is , nothing in this movie makes up for the most boring time i had watching it .
even with the minor impact of the ending , the director just did n't have what it takes to really deliver a good story with it .
it would have made a much better 30 minute - 1 hour tv episode on say , tales from the darkside .
if you really must get this for any reason , perhaps just to say you 've watched every slasher movie , do yourself a favor and have the fast - forward button ready .
since the movie has so many unimportant scenes , just zoom through them , and in no time , you 'll get to the " wow
, that 's what it was all this time " ending .
oh and halfway through the movie there 's a shower scene with 2 girls showing boo - bees .
horray for boo - bees .
those beautiful buzzing honey - making boo - bees .
as a fan of the sookie stackhouse books , i find this series to be a totally crass representation of them .
vampire bill is not very good looking and looks much older than described in the book .
i found that they have made already wonderfully colourful characters seem very course and vulgar .
one of the things i loved about the books is that despite all the crap that she is going through sookie is always a lady , and yet in the tv series she does n't seem like that at all .
not only that but the prejudices displayed in the tv series are not nearly as wide spread in the books .
i did n't expect an exact replica of the books
but i at least expected the feel of them to be used for the series .
this movie is maybe one of the most boring movies of 2000 that i have seen !
especially the music fails to create suspense when people suddenly disappear .
also aspects such as martial law are not treated with the necessary seriousness .
the story itself has problems : the un could never take power over the world since the united states alone would not allow it but nations such as china , russia , japan , etc .
would not either .
this would also play against someone trying to take over the world as nicolae carpathia does .
this reminds me of james bond movies , only that those have more action !
naturally the movie is made for christians and only for christians and they may enjoy it .
since i can not count myself a christian
i find the whole idea ludicrous .
this prophecy furthermore seems to be , if believed to be true , dangerously close to other prophecies by cults for the end of the world .
why fear such a possibility when we can make life as good as possible here on earth without
this is an installment in the notorious guinea pig series .
a short lived japanese tv - show , that got cancelled after a psychopath admitted to being inspired in the killing of a young schoolgirl by the show .
this short in the series is , like all the other films in the series , practically without any story .
a group of guys have captured a young woman .
they tie her down and proceeds to torturing her to death while videofilming her .
they beat her , pour boiling oil over her , use pliers on her and finally , in " loving " closeup , push a needle through her eye .
this is the most straightforward of all the guinea pig movies , and one of the first .
it was probably this film , more than any of the others , that gave guinea pig the rumour of being snuff .
they certainly gave inspiration to nicolas cage 's movie " 8 mm . " .
these movies have gotten quite popular in horror circles .
they have progressed to more polished , but equally graphic movies like " naked blood " .
they probably fill the void left by the mondo movies , that got slightly cleaned up and became reality tv .
not recommended , but will probably allure those who will see anything once , and wonder why afterwards , i know i did .
films starring child actors put themselves on the back foot from the very beginning .
while there are some exceptions , the majority of kids just ca nt act and even the ones that can normally become annoying after a few minutes .
the kids in paperhouse have managed to capture the worst of both worlds , as they 're both very annoying
and they do n't have an ounce of acting ability between them .
in short ; they 're rubbish .
this is n't good considering that they 're the leads , and it especially is n't good when you consider the fact that it is virtually impossible to take this film seriously because of the rubbish actors .
it 's a shame that this film is such a dead loss as the plot is n't ( not completely ) .
it follows a young girl who , after drawing a picture of a house in her notebook , wakes up in the fantasy world that she has created .
it soon becomes apparent to her that she can manipulate this world through her drawings , and so sets about making various changes , until her dream eventually becomes a nightmare .
oh dear .
as you can see , this plot line gives a nice base for a good fantasy horror movie .
however , it is squandered through a number of fatal faults .
first and foremost , in spite of the premise being an excellent premise for lots of inventiveness ; the movie is extremely stale .
the central plot is hardly played with at all , and the result is an entirely boring experience .
the lack of tension is another huge gaping flaw in the movie , as it sees fit to drag every sequence out to a point that you just do n't care any more ( which is due to a lack of ideas ) .
thanks in part to it 's lead characters , the film feels like a kids movie throughout .
this is to be expected as it stars kids , but bernard rose should have decided the slant that he wanted to put on the story ; as the horror in the movie is laughable at best .
the film is also very cheesy , and the ' romance ' between the two leads is extremely cringe - worthy , and makes for very painful viewing .
in fact , if i had to sum this travesty up in one word , i would choose ' painful ' .
paperhouse is poorly acted , laughably plotted , very corny and dull on the whole .
save yourself the pain , see something else .
i remember this movie when i was 13 ( seems a lot of reviews are saying the same thing age 13 ! )
with a group of school buddies .
we all wanted to see billy crystal in his first movie , and fell for the typical commercial ads telling us this was a great comedy .
we suffered through about 45 minutes of it , and all agreed to leave the theater .
it was grotesque & tasteless , and a far cry from the ability billy crystal had to make us laugh , we were not laughing .
i stumbled upon this review by accident , and decided to register just to tell the rest of the world what a rot - gut waste of film
this was , now if you rent this , you deserve what you get ,
you've been warned ! !
i wrote a review of this movie further down after buying it on dvd and being sorely disapointed .
i tried watching it again after reading a few of the comments made since then .
being a film student and making similar budgeted movies myself ( ie no budget , shot on digi cam ) , i stand by my original comments .
this is a no budget student project ( and not a particularly good one ) , released on video / dvd to look like an award winning film ( if you read the cover ) .
so deceving the public into thinking it 's something it 's not .
i want my money back under the trades description act !
complete rubbish !
what a dud .
it began with some promise , then became unfocused and > wandered .
john cusack 's cajun accent was laughable , bridget fonda 's role > existed only to get a skirt into the film , and pacino did pacino .
his entire > generation of actors -- nicholson , hackman , caine , hoffman -- have developed > a standard performance that each can deliver effortlessly ( or , less >
charitably , " mail in " ) in their paycheck films .
this was > one .
there is no artistic value in this movie to deserve any award .
well , it does not deserve an audience as well .
ironically , one of the awards is for cinematography but frankly , the camera movements are disconcerting to say the least .
every frame , you feel you are getting the " full picture " , its like someone is " cropping your view " from the edges .
the story is pathetic .
well , i will be honest , i could not bear to watch the entire movie .
the part that sucked the most was when i saw the soldiers partying in their barracks and one of the soldiers coaxed to drink liquor .
these and many other similar scenes reminded me so much of steven seagal .
take my advice , stay away from this piece of crap .
i saw the film at the belgrade film festival last week , and i 'm still working off the trauma .
essentially my view seems to match a number of others - the first half hour was fresh , sharp , deep , entertaining and promising .
well acted too .
natural .
my problem , however , is not simply with the fact that the final hour and a half of the film have nothing to do with the likable beginning , nor the fact that i spent most of this time convulsing in agony at sharp , grating industrial sounds and squinting at drunken , toothless , bread - chewing hags .
it 's rather with the fact that they never warned me ! ! !
the festival brochure synopsis described only the ( utterly intriguing - sounding )
first half hour - a whore , piano tuner and meat seller chat in a bar , pretending to be an advertising agent , genetic engineer , and petty government administration official , respectively - making no mention whatsoever of the never - ending gum - smacking to come .
serves me right for not reading the reviews , you might say - but to my defense , a number of reviews i looked at post - fact um did n't at all stress the immensity and utter unbearableness of the greater part of the film .
the first hint should have been the introductory words by the director ( a bashful , tousle - haired russian youth ) who stepped in front of the crammed auditorium ( the film seems to be doing incredibly well critically , and tickets were sold out well in advance of the screening , though most of the audience seemed as unaware as i was of the pain to come , judging by the plethora of unearthly moans and groans that utterly permeated the theatre during the last half hour , and many exasperated comments on exit ) to say the following : '
well , i ... um , thank you very much for coming to see this film , and i just wanted to say ...
well , it 's a very long film ...
it took me four years to make it , and ...
it 's ..
i suggest that you see it and immediately try to forget about it .
it is very long .
thank you for coming . '
this is what he said .
alarm bells should have been ringing . '
what 's he talking about ? '
i thought in happy confusion . '
this is gon na be fun ! '
of course , by the time his strangely apologetic comments started making sense to me , it was far too late to get out .
all i could do is writhe in increasing agony until the lights came on again .
and in the end i ca n't say i feel in any way improved by the experience .
yes , i absolutely loved the first half hour .
it was intelligent , new , and had a lot to say .
and yes , russia is probably in a bad state .
yes , every society has many hidden faces .
yes , toothless life in barren wastelands is probably unimaginably hard .
yes yes yes .
i get all of this .
really i do .
but i see no earthly reason why art and meaning should be so agonisingly drawn out , and so painful to bear .
if you want to see a film land somewhere between the extremes of glitzy hollywood plastic fantastic and hours of muddy vodka swigging , try the korean - chinese bin jip ( 3-iron ) .
it 's artsy and surprising , but also to - the - point and fun .
i 've seen about four other japanese horror films and they were n't too impressive .
however , i could sense that there was a sensible script guiding the way .
not here , no way .
this is about a detective who is trying to tie together similar murders that have been happening .
when he finds a suspect to question , the suspect freaks out because they keep seeing a ghost .
then , the ghost starts to follow the detective around for a reason that is never explained
and takes up more than half of
the movie.bad enough ?
oh no .
the film keeps switching perspectives to different characters who do n't have much to do with the story .
i 've seen this before in other movies where it shows a different perspective .
not the case here .
also , whatever is happening on screen that is actually tolerable quickly ends .
for example , there a few scenes with a slight instrumental score that builds up and ...
then it just cuts to another scene .
i 'm aware that this can be a dramatic effect .
that 's definitely not the intention here .
it 's just bad editing .
finally , there 's the " ghost " who just screams in a way that 's not scary or unintentionally funny .
it 's annoying and it happens a lot throughout the movie .
all of the scares have been done before in better ways so you can see them all coming .
then after one of them , the movie is over .
at that point , a wave of confusion swept over the audience as i could sense we all felt that we had wasted our time .
someone did a mock clap and laughter ensued .
it was better than the whole film .
simply put , avoid .
bonjour tristesse covers similar ground as ' the member of the wedding . '
to wit , a possessive daughter tries to prevent a relationship from forming between a beloved family member and an interloper .
while critics love ' member of the wedding , ' i find julie harris to be a jumbo - drag and an adenoidal , scenery - chomping thespian in everything she 's been in .
this portrays irritating , rich idiots as in last year at marienbad , but this time it 's a travelogue .
in this preminger movie sequences develop , but characters do not .
for the first 30 minutes he 's content to blur the father - daughter relationship between seberg and niven , making uncomfortable sexual readings possible .
once the conflict is introduced , seberg ca n't deliver the depth the part requires .
kerr pulls rank and turns the film into ' endless love . '
seberg 's vacuous narration , is like something out of strange interlude - it is not good .
i really wish someone other than niven was in his role .
he spends so much time normalizing orthodox british behavior in all his movies , he never gets around to the character .
in the most memorable sequence , an evening out dancing becomes a free - for - all in a harbor .
bertolucci steals the entire scene for his empty exercise , ' the conformist . '
kerr is on board to clasp her hands and portray another major pain ( as in black narcissus , night of the iguana , king and i , heaven knows mr. allyson , tea and sympathy , etc .
etc . ) .
really , kerr was a horrible actress .
i wish every movie with her could end with a fatal car crash , or even better , start with one .
people uncomfortable with ambiguity should avoid this .
this movie was horrible .
i watched it three times , and not even the whole thing .
it 's just impossible to watch , the story line sucks , it 's depressing , and utterly disgusting .
i do n't write spoilers for anything , so if you want to know why it 's so disgusting , see it for yourself .
the only good thing about this movie was john savage , his dialogue at the beginning , and some funny parts in the movie .
the little kid in this movie is annoying , and the whole situation is bullshit .
i saw this movie at movie stores around america , so i assumed it would be a good movie .
jesus christ , was i wrong ! ! ! !
the acting is all horrible , and the nudity itself is lame and nasty .
another thing is , starr andreef , the other main character , has n't been in such bad movies in the past , in fact , she was in some pretty good ones .
same with john savage .
this movie sucks !
i recently watched this again and there 's another version which is shorter 1999 .
i get the feeling they are the same movie
but i would like to know the difference .
one is japanese and no pikachu short is all i can come up with .
ohtherwise why vote for the same movie twice ? ?
prof ivy was rather boring .
she sounded as if she was almost asleep , no expression at all with the few lines she had .
this was enjoyable enough but there was n't much to it at all .
a collector ( who s after lugia , he has no plan to destroy the world ) and the usual characters who try to stop him because trying to capture lugia causes a lot of destruction .
the pokemon movies that follow are slightly better , deoxys ( poke 7 ) is great , with no . 8 almost here .
normally , i do n't like revenge films ....
period .
but double impact has a little more than your typical revenge plot premise .
you see , di has action , accuracy , exotic locales(i.e .
hong kong ) , awesome gun battles , and enough martial arts to satisfy your cravings for impressive unarmed combat .
like all revenge flicks , it has villains you 'd love to throw out of a plate - glass window on the top floor of a 40-story building !
however , double impact has none of the sensationalist crap that suffocates the plot and the elitist , racist , and venomous social stereotypes that invaded " eye for an eye " and " death wish 2" .
but in the plot department double impact is as transparent as saran wrap .
chad and alex 's parents were killed by a mob hit squad connected to a family friend with money problems or at least that 's what i remembered .
the explanation of why the boys were talking in french accents is a lousy one .
it was n't the watery plot that made this movie bad , but the use of clichéd lines and moves from other movies ( from lethal weapon to the princess bride ) really made it worse .
but nonetheless double impact is still watchable .
but why is that shitty movies like this have villains(for example , that greedy british guy that killed chad and alex 's parents and that lethal lesbian redhead chick ) you would love to hate with fiber of your being ?
another one of those " fooled by the cover " dvds .
i expected some kind of action at least with bears , cats , & such on the cover .
i got nothing !
bad movie!.i forced myself to watch this all the way through thinking that eventually something would happen ... no luck .
now the reason i gave this a 2 is because of the scenery ; otherwise it sucked .
the kid was terrible , talking to himself ( although i suppose they could n't just run a movie with dumb music and no dialogue at all ) , doing his lame karate stances to a tree stump , threatening a raccoon , munching on worms , and ( what a dumbass ) kicking a porcupine .
and he would n't be pulling those quills out that easily either ...
they stick like fishhooks .
at least he fought the bear ( weakly ) a couple of times .
what was up with the flashback thing ?
it made a bad movie even worse .
i wanted to see a survival movie , not some dramatic bs about a kid suffering thru divorce .
what else can i say ?
well , maybe they should have had the bear eat the kid or something .
at least that would have been more exciting .
people , do n't waste your time on this one .
oh my god .
i bought this movie and ...
i ... watched ...
the ... whole ... thing . . .
okay , it 's going to be alright ...
i'l know i 'll be okay in a month or two .
some time soon i hope to be rid of the flash backs .
i was going to eat something after the movie
but i just ca n't seem to get up the courage to try and hold any food down at the moment .
yes bad .
very bad .
bad bad bad bad bad .
wait , bad does n't seem to get the message across in quite the right way .
hmm ...
there is n't a word to describe just how awful ....
not awful ...
hmm disgustingly horribly casted /
acted / filmed / directed / written .
now i do n't know what to do but throw it out .
possibly burn it
i would n't want it to end up at the bottom of an architectural dig a thousand years from now .
the worst movie ever since " hey happy "
the tenuous connection between this film and the first grease is established right at the beginning of the film when didi conn one of four cast members repeating their roles approaches young maxwell caulfield who is a british exchange student .
although in the previous film olivia newton st. john 's foreign speech pattern is not explained , it 's explained here caulfield is her cousin .
what 's conn still doing in school
, i guess she just likes hanging around rydell high even though now she 's a beautician .
caulfield 's a smart kid ,
so of course the hood types led by adrian zmed have him labeled as a nerd .
and that 's especially bad when zmed 's girl friend decides she likes caulfield .
but being a nerd just is n't going to cut it .
that 's when caulfield decides to put on a modern day zorro act .
he gets a junked bicycle and puts it back together and teaches himself to ride .
he gets himself a leather biker outfit with a set of goggles to hide his face .
if getting michelle pheiffer is not in the cards , caulfield wo n't have any trouble making friends at any gay male leather bar the way he 's outfitted .
grease 2 introduced michelle pheiffer and maxwell caulfield and started them on the successful career paths both have enjoyed .
if you saw the first grease film , a much better film , than you definitely have an idea how this film will turn out .
in addition to conn , eve arden , sid caesar , and dody goodman , all faculty members from the original grease return in their roles .
the music score is n't remotely as good as the songs that come from the original .
it 's not that grease 2 is bad , it 's just not all that great .
the trailers for this film were better than the movie .
what waste of talent and money .
wish i would 've waited for this movie to come on dvd because at least i would n't be out $ 9 .
the movie totally misses the mark .
what could have been a great movie for all actors , turned out to be a b - movie at best .
movie moved very slow and just when i thought it was going somewhere
, it almost did
but then it did n't .
in this day and age , we need unpredictable plot twists and closures in film , and this film offered neither .
the whole thing about how everyone is a suspect is good , however , not sure if it was the way it was directed , the lighting , the delivery of lines , the writing or what , but nothing came from it .
lot of hype for nothing .
i was very disappointed in this film , and i 'm telling everyone not to see it .
the cheesy saxophone music throughout made the film worse as well .
and the ending had nothing to do with the rest of the film .
what a disappointment .
rip off of " scream " or especially " i know what you did last summer " , there 's some entertainment here , and a little scary , but they needed some originality .
an entertainment score ?
6.5/10
overall ?
5.5/10
first , i am not really a fan of the whole " things eating flesh in disgusting new ways " genre of film
but i am a bad movie afficionado
so my next door neighbor said he had the worst movie ever .
this one .
so we start watching it .
first and foremost - it is recorded on a camcorder sans tripod !
second the voice of the skinny white doctor is dubbed by a large black man !
third , none of the dialogue makes any sense .
fourth , the zombie scenes , though unconvincing and chockful of poor makeup and tomato paste , lead me to believe the director ( and my next door neighbor ) are in need of psychological help .
it 's funny for about 5 minutes
but it gets old fast .
it 's so amateurish
it 's like watching a poorly dubbed high school video yearbook .... with zombies .
a note to anyone involved with this movie
- i want the 20 minutes of my life i spent watching this , before i fell asleep , back .
i saw the movie last night and i really wanted to like it .
my expectations for the movie had been going up and down ever since i heard it was being made .
some days i 'd see something spectacular and some days i 'd be disappointed .
yet being the kind of fan i am , i had high hopes for this movie but in the end i was sorely disappointed .
while i love the richard donner movies i did n't like their sometimes campy nature or the changes they made to superman 's character and his powers .
singer however chose to take the worst elements of the donner movies and put them in his version .
while his lex luthor is slightly darker
he 's still nothing more than a shyster , a conman and a common criminal .
he 's no more intelligent than when gene hackman played him .
kevin spacey does his best to play luthor well
but ultimately he falls victim to shoddy writing and unremarkable dialog .
his henchmen are more two dimensional than even comic book henchmen .
most of them literally have no dialog in the movie.****spoilers
ahead * * * *
kitty kowalski is almost exactly the same character as ms. tesmacher .
she seems to be as evil and cold as lex luthor
but she proves to be just an underling who melts after seeing superman in trouble and quite predictably betrays luthor .
the biggest disappointment in the movie was frank langella as perry white .
i was n't a huge fan of the over the top perry white in the donner movies but at least he had a soul .
he was after all said and done , a veteran reporter who cared about the truth and a good story .
langella 's perry white is nothing but a corporate stooge .
he wants everyone to concentrate on the superman related stories because they sell papers even though every other paper is doing the same thing .
he does n't care about the real stories , the real mysteries like the black out and what lex luthor is up to now that he 's out of prison .
the worst thing about langella is that he 's dull !
some actors can be quiet and sober and yet have an undercurrent that lets you know that still waters run deep .
frank langella is puddle .
brandon routh is not a bad actor .
he 's ok
but again there is not a single memorable line in the whole movie .
not the actor 's fault .
his movements are clearly meant to look graceful , like even the slightest movement of his fingers effects the way he flies .
but it still looks choreographed and artificial .
lois lane while badly written was surprisingly well acted by kate bosworth .
unfortunately , again , for a pulitzer prize winning journalist and writer , she is about as eloquent as any teenage on dawson 's creek .
james marsden was my favorite actor in the whole movie , mostly because he looks more like superman than even routh .
without any superpowers he manages to figure out lois lane 's message , flies a plane to the location , gets on board luthor 's yacht and rescues lois and her son .
the only moving moment in the movie is when they are all trapped pantry as it is flooding with water and the ship is sinking .
you see them slowly going being immersed in the water .
you know superman 's going to come by at the last moment to rescue them
but still you ca n't help but feel sorry for them .
as i said before the plot is very haphazard .
unlike singer has said , this is not a movie about a superhero returning and trying to find his place in the world .
as soon as he returns the world welcomes him back with open arms .
lois is the only one who 's not happy to see him back .
even luthor is happy to have superman back because it gives him a chance to settle the score with the man of steel .
superman is shown to be probably one of the dumbest heroes in the universe .
a big green piece of meteorite is stolen from a museum , lex luthor is out of prison , he now has knowledge about superman 's powers and weaknesses , and yet he 's still not able to connect the dots enough to know luthor would be using kryptonite against him .
according to the movie the only thing superman is good for is lifting really , really heavy things .
the action sequences are all incredibly predictable .
forgive me for stating the obvious , but some films are good and some films are bad .
of course , there are extremes within those two broad categories .
films such as the godfather , saving private ryan , and star wars slot comfortably into the good category .
at the other end of the spectrum there are those films that simply do n't deserve to be mentioned by name .
occasionally however , someone produces a truly woeful film .
a film that should be singled out as a demonstration of how awful a film can be .
a film that is more than bad .
such a film is maiden voyage .
briefly , maiden voyage is a story about a luxury cruise ship that is hijacked by a gang of evil criminals who demand a ransom from an equally evil , scheming ship 's owner .
of course , there is an all american hero on board , complete with chiselled jaw and sculptured chest , who saves the day .
this is a production that plumbs new depths .
everything about it is bad .
the acting , the direction and the so - called plot are breath - takingly poor .
in short , it is an insult to the intelligence of any unfortunate viewer .
even an american viewer would be annoyed by its shortcomings .
yes , it 's that bad .
i will resist the temptation to compose a list of things that angered me about this film .
however , its dumber - than - dumb conclusion should serve as an adequate example of what i mean .
imagine in your mind that you are an evil hijacker and you are stood in an open lifeboat on a calm sea .
you are in company with the hero who holds a ticking bomb .
said hero throws the bomb to you and dives overboard .
what would you do ?
i do n't know about you , but i would throw the bomb as far as i possibly could into the sea .
not this guy .
he watches as our hero swims away
and then he tries to disarm the bomb with unfortunate ( for him ) results .
enough said .
such a demise would merit a mention in the darwin awards website and might also be a suitably apt conclusion to the production team 's lives .
the movie is about two stories : one is a political murder of a call - girl , the other an upper - class political party .
the crossing point is the public relation character played by al paccino , as he is the witness of the crime and the instigator of the evening .
if the script is terrible without any decent dialogs and the directing void of any sense of drama , the performance of al is memorable : how many fellows can be as much convincing as a powerful and feared man ( as " the godfather " ) as here as a little servant ( see also " donnie brasco").actually , the big young lion has become a tired old one .
this passing of ages is very moving , because it makes the audience ponders about getting old too .
but his slowness is only a make - up because he can get back his energy in church scene .
maybe it is a good thing that the movie is so awful because it put the starlight on al 's talent !
there is a lot of talk of torture these days .
that 's all this movie is .
it 's about a good person who makes a bad decision .
because of his kindness , he becomes vulnerable to two psychotic women .
from then on its a just - for - kicks assault on him .
i do n't know at what point you do something about it .
there is a wife and child out there somewhere ; he has great feelings of guilt and fear .
but there should have been some times when he could have acted .
the movie seems to be somebody 's joke .
i suppose in the wake of the manson murders , we had a bit of a fixation on the likes of these two .
nevertheless , why would someone make a film like this ?
what appeals does it have except for sadism .
the conclusion is totally unsatisfying , but that could have been remedied with an obvious plot twist .
oh , well .
another hour and a half of my life .
even if you could get past the idea that these boring characters personally witnessed every significant moment of the 1960s
( ok , so katie did n't join the manson family , and nobody died at altamont ) , this movie was still unbelievably awful .
i got the impression that the " writers " just locked themselves in a room and watched " forrest gump , " " the wonder years , " and oliver stone 's 60s films over and over again and called it research .
a canadian television critic called the conclusion of the first episode " head spinning " .
he was right .
ludicrous violations of the most basic security regs are only the beginning .
it 's hard to see how they achieved such abysmal trash on such a low budget .
i turned it off once , then got curious to see if it could get any worse .
it did .
i realize that bringing a novel to the big screen is always problematic .
that is the only positive thing i can say about this truly horrid adaptation .
have you read ' wise blood ? '
it 's an amazing book .
flannery o'connor wrote about the south as no one else has .
she was a southerner herself , a devout catholic , and a remarkably gifted writer .
in her first novel she wove together a dark and deeply disturbing tale of faith , doubt , and redemption with a macabre sense of humor and surprising evenhandedness .
the characters in the book may seem outrageous to those who have not lived in the rural south , but i can assure you that such people do exist .
not only do they exist , they are human beings with families , feelings , and concerns like anyone else .
flannery 's intentions were so often misunderstood - she was not lampooning these backwoods zealots - she saw in them the beautiful operation of what she would have called ' grace' ...
even in the most violent , distressing , and maddening of circumstances .
to read ' wise blood ' is to be washed over with a sense of dread and impending doom .
finally , it is to think long and hard about our judgments and preconceptions - our entire world view .
none of this comes through in john huston 's ' gilligan 's island'-like adaptation .
none .
it is a farce .
a bad farce .
the entire film is saturated with a hauteur that turns the stomach .
the acting is poor , the southern accents are fake and insulting .
the filmmakers show no insight into the thinking of religious southerners .
ms. o'connor 's intense prose are reduced to sight gags and cheap , amateur theatre .
the soundtrack is a mixture of hayseed silliness and ' clockwork orange'-style cheeseball electronics that does n't fit the story or even the movie .
i was granted free admission to this movie and almost walked out .
truly , truly terrible .
as an aside , i do not agree with ms. o'connor 's religious views , and while i was raised in the deep south , years ago i made my way north and have not looked back .
but the south is a beautiful place full of fascinating individuals ( like every other place on earth ) , and the cartoonish mockery with which southerners and their attitudes are dealt in this movie borders on offensive .
if you 're into being offended ( which i am not ) , then this movie most definitely crosses the line .
i do n't like to talk crap about an artist 's work
- john huston was a man that i did not know , and i 'm sure he was a sincere and gifted filmmaker , to which his respected place in film history attests .
my views are clearly skewed by having read ( and loved )
flannery o'connor 's work .
so i do n't claim to be coming from any other perspective .
maybe as a stand - alone film it works for cinephiles .
but for flannery o'connor fans - and , i might add , for self - respecting southerners and openminded individuals of all stripes - this movie is a waste of time .
i liked how this started out , featuring some decent special - effects especially for a film 50 years old .
there was some pretty impressive scenery .
however , the film bogs down fairly early on with some very dumb dialog as the males all try to flirt with anne francis " altaira morbius .
")viewing this in the ' 90s after a long absence , it was fun to see francis again , an actress who has done mostly television shows since this film was released .... and is still acting .
it also was interesting to see a young - looking leslie nielsen ( " dr .
john j. adams " ) , who i would n't have recognized had it not been for this voice
i watched half of this movie before the boredom came almost overwhelming
and i had a strong desire to go to sleep .
i appreciated them re - doing this vhs tape in stereo .
but it was a weak effort .
this is one those overrated film where " elites " think is so " heavy " and " thought - provoking .
" that 's nonsense .
it only appeared " intelligent " because the rest of the ' 50s sci - fi films were so stupid!!some if the early scenes would have looked great on wideescreen , which i did n't have at the time of this writing .
perhaps another look - this time on the 2.35:1 widescreen transfer would make me change this review .
for two of the funniest comedians , the movie was awful .
fast forwarded it and never got any better !
waste of time and waste of money !
tina fey is such a great writer , i thought that she would be so great in the comedy .
the previews were so great , but they only showed the best parts of the movie .
my husband even thought that for a chick flick , it sucked .
what is up with that .
movie was very slow ans boring .
i will not recommend it to anyone at this time .
i would like my money back for this one !
boo from us here in arizona .
thanks but no thanks .
who does this kind of stupid stuff to make people think that you are pregnant .
i thought that it was going to be so funny , i have had my own children and i have helped others have children .
it could have been more along the lines of reality .
this 1919 to 1933 germany looks hardly like a post wwii czech capitol .
oh sorry , it is the czech capitol and it is 2003 , how funny .
this is one of the most awful history movies in the nearest past .
röhm is a head higher than adolf and looks so damned good , göring looks like 40 when he just is 23 and the " führer " always seems to look like 56 .
and the buildings , folks , even buildings have been young , sometimes .
especially 1919 were a lot of houses in germany nearly new ( the wwi does not reach german cities ! ) .
no crumbling plaster !
then the reichstagsbuilding .
there have never been urban canyons around this building , never .
and this may sound to you all like a miracle : in the year 1933 the greater berlin fire brigade owns a lot of vehicles with engines , some even with turntable ladders , but none with a hand pump .
one last thing : what kind of playmobil castle was this at the final sequence ?
for me this was a kind of " adolf 's adventures in wonderland "
after seeing a heavily censored version of this movie on television years ago , i was curious to see the unedited version .
i was surprised that it was more believable and well acted than i remembered , but one thing really stood out .
i think other reviewers have mentioned this also , namely , what exactly is the nature and motivation of the chris sarandon character ?
has he raped other victims before ?
is he completely psychotic or an " average " sociopath ?
how did he expect to get away with his attack on the younger sister ?
is this character at all credible , or is it just a matter of more background being necessary ?
he seems almost simultaneously to be an uncomfortably believable character , and too crazy to actually be able to hold on to a teaching job that puts him in contact with young , vulnerable girls .
this seems to to be the biggest complaint of viewers in general .
it has nothing to do with his performance , which is terrifyingly convincing .
the movie occupies an uneasy position between sheer exploitation and a half way serious treatment of the subject , without quite settling into either mode .
not the worst movie ever made , but not all that good , either .
we have an average family .
dad 's a famous rapper , we have the " rebelious teenage daughter " , the adopted white kid , and the cute little kid .
and we have careless housemaid
, what show has had a housemaid like that ?
do we have a messed - up brady bunch ?
when it first came out
i thought it was really cool , mostly because i was young .
the music was bad .
the raps were so bad and they were too g - rated .
all of his raps were about his family and friends and problems .
the dad was kind of the " danny from full house " type of dad .
always gave the advice out .
but he was n't a clean freak .
they had a house - keeper for that .
remember ?
the plots were basically lil ' romeo was in trouble of some sort , or ... not that 's it .
oh and maybe some preteen drama .
yeah that stuff is good .
not really .
but its still a good show for kids .
but nikelodean could do better .
the cover of the box makes this movie look really good , do n't be fooled .
splatter university came out in 1984 which was the last good year for horror , but this movie sucks .
the characters are so annoying .
only the teacher is cool .
there is like no plot to this movie , who the hell would ever produce this waste of a film?spoilers up aheadthe teacher dies in this , and it was a female , we all know that we must have a female surviver , if you 're going to break the rules do it in a good horror flick not this waste
antonioni , by making this film , had assumed the role of papa smurf to all
the little long - haired , american , radical student - smurfs .
he had taken them under the guiding protection of his european communist wings , showing appreciation and support for their confused american ways .
( these smurfs are red and wear blue , not the other way around . )
the radical smurfs were happy to get the guidance of a wise old man with gray hair who regularly preys to the god of all long - haired smurfs , lenin the communist - another wise old man whose beard made the smurfs take him even more seriously , for it symbolized something wise , though they did not quite know why they regarded the beard to have this kind of deep effect on them .
castro , another wise bearded man , has often profited from this confusion and exuded magical powers with his beard over his naive overseas admirers .
( not to mention che guevara : that beard has a certain je - ne - sais - pas - quoi about it , makes one want to immediately embrace marx and his lovely , pacifistic teachings  )
the film starts with a muddled meeting of radically stupid radical students , who engage in dialogues that truly redefine the word " confused " .
as confused as a blind - folded dog falling of a high - story building into a bottomless pit .
suddenly , the movie 's " hero " ( well , antonioni 's hero ) rises up and says something to his pathetic left - wing peers and then leaves , hoping that this display of " mega - coolness " will improve his james dean image and vastly increase his chances of getting laid with the best " chicks " in the next mass hippie orgy .
eventually he gets into trouble with cops ( i.e. pigs ) at a rally , and spends the movie under the blue american capitalist skies , looking for freedom   or something like that .
antonioni 's predictable assault on capitalism is not only intellectually hollow , but has ( or had ) nothing new to offer ; it 's just the same old trigger - happy one - dimensional cops , businessmen discussing business deals ( and what 's wrong with that , is n't that how antonioni 's movies get made ? ) , and endless shots of tv commercials and billboards advertising the oh - so morally decadent products for the abhorrent , selfish , and greedy right - wing rabble - population who thinks of no one but themselves , their families , their work , and their children .
papa smurf antonioni , just like his long - haired smurfs and smurfettes of the late 60s , failed to notice the most obvious and vital aspect about their silly movement : they were allowed to have their laughable meetings and express their anti - establishment opinions freely within that very establishment , whereas the students in those countries whose left - wing systems they admired , did not ( and still do not ) .
by far the greatest irony about the hippies - and antonioni , naturally , failed to realize this as well
( his judgment being clouded by cocaine - snorting and an excessive intake of lsd )
- is that hippies were ( are ) the garbage - residue of capitalism .
this is an incredible irony .
only in a successfully - functioning capitalist system can you find that species called " hippie " ; a spoiled , ungrateful , and selfish bunch of middle and upper - middle class losers .
the film itself seems to go on forever .
antonioni takes his sweet time with getting on with it , while including overlong scenes of pointlessness , with a high dullness factor .
his attempts at symbolism are annoying and trite .
his statements are highly dubious , at best .
this film is antonioni 's way of saying that violent revolution is the solution .
and this is what we get from an old , saturated , filthy - rich , fat film - maker who lives in villas and dines in the best french and italian restaurants .
i do n't remember seeing any major western movie about the tiananmen massacre of thousands of students in china .
but when one western student gets shot for waving che guevara 's face into all our faces , we get ten major films about it at once .
i suppose this means that a chinese life is worth a thousand times less than a western one  at least to the left - wing hypocrites who infest movies .
if you 're a marxist neo - hippy and disliked this awful review , please klick " no " below .
if you enjoy the original snl cast and shows then avoid this movie at all costs .
when this first came out my friends and i waited in line for over an hour to get in to a sold out movie house .
half way through the movie the theatre was 3/4 empty .
we refused to leave thinking it would get better .
when the movie ended we were the only ones left in the theatre .
the movie lasted only one day in all theaters then vanished from sight .
in interviews with " mr. mike " he refused to comment on this film .
the film was an inside joke on the episodes of snl that came out right after the films release and closing in one day .
we all tried to contact " mr. mike " by phone and mail to get a refund but were totally ignored .
this reworking of anthony shaffer 's classic play did not last long in cinemas .
having recently suffered through it on cable , i still congratulate myself for not wasting money on a ticket .
director kenneth branagh , writer harold pinter , and star / producer jude law deluded themselves that their prestige alone could sustain this travesty through an interminable 93 minutes , without the fun or class of the longer original .
michael caine enhanced his reputation playing the second lead in the marvelous 1972 film .
he now seems intent on destroying it by attempting the lead , played in that version by laurence olivier .
( both were nominated for best actor oscars , but lost to marlon brando in the godfather . )
looking puffy and washed - out , caine glides through the part with less depth than he displays as batman 's butler .
he had already lowered himself to a guest appearance in the atrocious remake of get carter .
what 's next -- alfie ii , or son of the man who would be king ?
but then , no one benefits from this inane adaptation by pinter , who thinks that frequent cursing and an added sexual angle can compensate for the absence of shaffer 's witty character interplay .
branagh 's direction relies on bluish lighting and a soulless set design that would n't hold up in a second - rate nightclub .
neither the shadows nor the tight , overacted close - ups can help law overcome his dull screen persona .
the result is a failure both as straight drama and as detective thriller , almost making you forget the purpose behind the title .
fans of the original stage production ( with anthony quayle and keith baxter ) and the olivier / caine film would do well to regard this enterprise as a bad dream .
the late mr shaffer , who wrote the 1972 screenplay , as well as hitchcock 's frenzy and several agatha christie adaptations , must be turning in his grave , wishing he could plan a real murder or two !
this movie is really wack .
there is really nothing nice
i can say about it , besides the moral truth expressed in the film 's climax concerning people in the neighborhood participating in the fight against crime .
besides all that , the film had nothing : no good shots , no good acting , and no good script .
i give this film a f and a 2 out 10 .
i 'm going to spend as much time on this review as the writers did on the script .
this is easily the worst sequel ever made .
they killed navin johnson .
not only was mark blankfield 's performance god - awful , so was everyone elses ! !
the physical comedy was forced , flat and predictable .
the script seemed to have been written by mongoloid monkeys using the pen names ziggy steinberg and rocco urbisci .
how the producers managed to squeeze out such vile cinematic excrement is beyond me .
they even managed to make veteran actor ray walston look like a talent - less buffoon .
director michael schultz should be ashamed of himself .
i want the 96 minutes of my life i spent watching this befouled memory of a brilliant comedy back
so i can try and convict everyone involved for this cinematic atrocity .
i grew up with scooby(kinda the re - runs of where are you)i hate scrappy , love daphne , and feel its not complete with out the whole gang .
but this is sad , scooby doo is mystery solving comedy - not bad totally spy 's jap anime .
i like "
what s new " , they had to give danger - prone daphne a makeover sometime :( and try to lose the * sex * drug jokes of many a generation , but this " get a clue " is flat out crap and should not have the scooby name attached .
they even tried to do some lame punk thing with the theme song .
now i 'm gon na go watch my dvd of scooby doo
where are you to wash the filth of this new series off my eyes
the movie and acting are not bad and jay hernandez does a good job playing calito brigante but
the movie forgets it 's suppose to be a prequel to a hit movie .
the makers of this prequel clearly did not watch the original carlito 's way or at least did not care about continuity .
this movie is a prequel which means the original movie has already laid out some history for us and this movie should end where the original begins or at least lead up to it .
not one of carlito 's close old friends from the original make an appearance in this movie , they 're not even mentioned .
luis guzman , pachanga in the original , is in the movie but he plays a completely different character .
the original takes place in 1975 and the prequel takes place in 1969 - 70 .
considering this movie takes place less than 5 years earlier , would n't you think one of carlito 's long time friends would make an appearance ?
in the original , carlito start 's out being released from jail after spending 5 years in jail .
that 's only a few month 's between the end of the prequel and the start of the original !
* * semi spoiler
we know from the beginning of the original , carlito has spent 5 years in prison so when the prequel gives us this hollywood happy ending
it 's an insult to the intelligence of fans of the original .
what happen to gail ?
it 's the lack of continuity that made this film go direct to video release .
i 've seen thousands of movies and have never written a review , but the red eye i witnessed is so at odds with the glowing tributes posted here that i 'm compelled to offer my two cents in protest- and vote the lowest score possible just to bring the average closer to reality .
this is a dull , boring stinker of a film that is memorable only for its apologist depictions of the terrorists ' target ( a john bolton - esquire bully diplomat who 's really a great guy , do n't you know )
and of the oh - so - handsome and popular dr. phil ( whose bestselling book , one learns , is read by frequent fliers worldwide ) .
the only real red eye i experienced was from rubbing my eyes in disbelief .
before you fork out $ 10 or so dollars for this b movie , read the selected ' quotes ( from trailer ) ' above , and ask yourself if you 'll really enjoy a movie in which these were the cleverest lines to be found .
unfortunately , nothing else in this film is any better .
the basic premise is goofy as hell ; the acting is bland and uninspired , completely lacking in pro / antagonist chemistry ; the potential for suspense is thwarted at every turn- except during the last five minutes- by poor directing and anticipatory editing ; the script is riddled with incongruities like : early reveals of the heroine as a university lacrosse star are called into question when she later battles the antagonist with a field hockey stick ; and the plot holes are wider than first class ( while character development is strictly
coach).and
then there are the moments of extreme ridiculousness , like when the daughter of a high level public servant does not head straight for airport security , at her first opportunity , to warn them of an assassination plot against the both the head of homeland security and her father .
or when that same woman runs hell - bent - for - leather along slick airport linoleum , arms pistoning and veins in her neck bulging , while wearing 4 inch stiletto heels .
or when her pursuer chases likewise with a sucking wound in his trachea .
or when terrorists use a fishing pole to bring up their weapon from the freaking harbor bottom .
i 'm always willing to suspend disbelief , but i 'm not going to leap from 30,00 feet without a parachute .
the one good thing i can say of this movie is that it portrays women who are capable ( even in bimbo form ) of handling the most extreme emergencies- the kind of gender imaging sorely lacking in american movies .
other than that , this movie never really takes off , and is no more thrilling than the red eye flight from boston to ny .
remember the last time you got suckered by deceptive trailers and glowing tributes- in this forum or elsewhere ?
this is one of those times .
wait for the red eye video , and do n't watch it then , either .
54 is a film about a club with that very title in the setting of the 70s era .
it features the classic good - looking bartender .
the sexy females .
the high powered owner .
the partying .
when all entwined together chaos ensues , and the bartender ( played by phillipe ) seems to be at the brunt of it all .
i'm going to be as blunt and honest as possible , whilst avoiding any outright unfair or untrue comments
( like , it 's an ' ok ' film ) .
i really do find it a completely dire film complimented by it 's dire cast .
every time i sit down to watch a film casting salma hayek , i am always awaiting to see her beauty , radiantly expressed simultaneously with a great performance , but , reality invariably reminds me quite abruptly how utterly talentless she is .
i mean , really , what has she ever bequeathed the masses with , other than her immense table dance in ' from dusk till dawn ' ... ?
the same goes for ryan phillippe , another poor actor who gives nothing to the screen but his good looks and insanely dull facade otherwise known as ' acting ' .
mike myers , is n't quite as bad as these 2 , he does at least give the film something worthy .
playing the seedy , extroverted co - founder of the 54 club .
the type that the majority watching would hate ( i.e. job well done ) , he puts in a somewhat convincing performance that gave me rare enjoyment from the flick .
but alas , it is not enough to rescue the film from it 's baseless and flat nothingness .
most ' bad ' bad films
i find something to take from the film , but this has nothing to it , really .
neve campbell is n't too bad , but she is just ' there ' .
the storyline is dull , it appears the writer was more bent on making a film of this style and embellishment and forgot to add anything else .
any meaning .
any class .
anything at all .
because like most ornaments , they are just hollow pointless objects , that are merely pretty to look at , much akin to the basis of this disastrous film .
genuinely an hour and a half of time i could have spent better doing something much more exciting , like talking to 90 year old relatives on the phone about the weather .
quite possibly the worst movie i 've ever seen
; i was ready to walk out after the first ten minutes .
the only people laughing in the theater were the tweeners .
do n't get me wrong , i love silly , stupid movies just as much as the next gal , but the whole premise , writing and humor stunk .
it seemed to me that they were going for a " napoleon dynamite " feel - strange and random scenes which would lead to a cult audience .
instead , it ended up being forced , awkward and weird .
the only bright light was isla fisher
and i just felt utterly awful that she ( and sissy spacek ) had signed up for this horrible thing .
thank gosh
i did n't pay for it .
unless i 'm sadly mistaken , i rented a nightmare on elm street 3 several years ago and there was a music video
, i 'm pretty sure which was called dream warriors , at the end of it , and i rented this one on dvd hoping that the video would be there because it was one of the funniest things i 've ever seen .
it 's amazing how stuff from the 80s is so funny now , but nothing is funnier than 80s rap videos .
there was this rap group singing that song dream warriors on the vhs version of this movie after the credits , and they 're all wearing like denim jackets with no shirt underneath and form fitting jean shorts that are all frayed at the bottoms like daisy dukes .
what could make a rap group look more foolish
i ca n't imagine.(spoilers )
at any rate , i was disappointed in looking for that video on the dvd version , so all i had was this mediocre installment in the freddy krueger series .
the movie sort of starts off with the same idea as part 2 , with the main character witnessing all kinds of gruesome murders and then sort of coming out of a trance and finding himself with the bloody hands .
kristen parker ( patricia arquette ) has a nightmare about the infamous house that nancy thompson used to live in , then runs to the bathroom , the sink 's handles turn into freddy 's hands and attack her , and then she wakes up standing in her bathroom having slit her own wrists .
from there , the movie turns into the usual mental hospital installment .
` larry ' fishburne , tired of always playing the bad guy in his roles , was happy to take on the role in this film as a nice - guy orderly , stern but accommodating when the patients want to bend the rules a little .
not surprisingly , he turns in what is by leaps and bounds the best performance in the movie .
arquette later goes on to become an accomplished actor , but had not perfected her acting skills when she starred in this film .
the characters in the movie are mostly all patients at the mental hospital that kristen is placed into after cutting her wrists .
all of them are cynical and uncooperative , almost none believing that they really belong there at all .
eventually , they realize and are able to convince the staff that they are all having dreams about the same man
and it 's not just some kind of group hysteria .
heather langenkamp has returned in her famous role as nancy thompson , this time grown up into a dream researcher as a result of her childhood experiences involving freddy krueger .
not surprisingly , she is able to quickly relate to the hysterical kristen and the rest of the patients , since she had experienced exactly what they 're going through .
there are some interesting murders in this installment , and the technology used for the special effects have taken a huge jump .
there is a gigantic , worm - like freddy that tries to swallow kristen whole , there is a scene where a television turns into freddy and with mechanical arms he picks up one of the patients there for some late night entertainment and punishes her for sitting too close to the tv , but there is also an unconvincing go - motion scene where a couple guys have a fight with freddy krueger 's skeleton , which has been rotting in the trunk of some car in a car junkyard .
and one of the more groan - inducing scenes was one where freddy attacks one of the patients in his dream ( the one famous for sleepwalking ) , tearing the muscles and tendons out of his arms and legs and leading him around like a puppet .
ouch .
we get a peek into freddy 's past in this installment .
not only do we meet his mother , but we also find out the circumstances that led to freddy being fathered by more than 100 maniacs .
in fighting freddy , the patients all band together and , in their dreams , use their special powers ( most of which reflect their shortcomings in real life ) to fight him .
one student , bound to a wheelchair , is able to walk in his dreams , another has the hilarious powers of what he calls the ` wizard master , ' another is ` beautiful and bad ' ( she has lots of makeup , her hair stands up in a foot - high mohawk , and she has knives ) .
clever , but the movie falters when it has only one of the patients , the one who ca n't speak , not have any powers in his dreams until the climax of the movie , when he suddenly realizes that he can talk in his dreams ( at just the right moment to save the day ) .
his dream power was a little too obvious to have been left out for that long , but collectively , now you see why the movie was subtitled dream warriors .
altogether , this is not an entirely weak entry into the series .
the acting is pretty shoddy , but it 's actually pretty good for a horror movie .
larry fishburne vastly overshadows the rest of the cast , displaying wonderful acting skills early on in his career , and the movie is not simply a rehash of either of the first two 
a problem that plagues the friday the 13th movies much more than the elm street films .
the characters are never developed enough to allow for the later creation of much tension , which is why most of the deaths come across more as creative ways to kill off someone in a horror film than the tragic loss of the life of one of the characters that we 've come to know and root for their triumph over evil .
but then again , not a lot of horror movies take the time to really develop their characters to the point where you throw up your hands in defeat when they are killed , or are on the edge of your seat as they run for their lives .
but it 's important to note that the few horror films that actually do that are almost invariably the best ones 
i chose to see this movie because it got a good score here on imdb .
but a lot of people either have really poor taste or someone 's been fixing the score .
either way it was a real disappointment .
the movie is exactly as stupid and far fetched as the title would suggest .
there really is no reason to give a summary of the plot - but here goes :
it felt like someone had been thinking : " would n't it be cool to make a movie where there were snakes on a plane ?
and then the snakes for some reason would go crazy and start biting and stuff ? ! ?
" and that 's about it !
the plot is thin and unoriginal .
the snakes are bad cgi ( but it makes sense to cut corners on a movie that no one in their right mind will recommend to anyone ! ) .
the acting is poor , and all people are unbelievable stereo types .
to sum it up : it 's one of the worst movies i 've ever seen - stay away !
this movie kind of reminds me of a mary - kate and ashley movie - only worse .
just the rich sisters kind of thing
i think even though alysons more the actress , in this movie amanda michalka was okay sometimes but
alysons acting stunk .
i think that after high - school musical they needed to come up with somethihng better and this definitely was n't it .
the story line was n't that great
and i think they should have gotten two other people to play taylor and courtney .
i 'm not a big alyson michalka fan and this movie did n't make me like her any better .
i think they should definitely sick to singing and only watch this movie if you have nothing better to do
( which sadly i did n't )
i should say right away that i checked the spoilers box only because i 'm giving this comment the amount of thought proportional to what this mess of a movie deserves , and do n't want to be held responsible for some plot point incidentally slipping out .
this comment will take the form of a tirade for the simple reason that i am still under the influence of this movie , having just watched it , and the unique effect this has renders one incapable of the sort of forethought and paragraph structure required for coherent , reasoned criticism .
that is not a compliment .
it is n't the narcotic effect of a truly hypnotic or thought provoking movie .
the feelings it stirs up combine like some uncomfortable emotional voltron , composed of a confusing mix of some form of rage , the vague desire to take a shower , the rudderless , sinking feeling of true betrayal one gets when they realize they have given 109 minutes of their lives into the hands of someone who would not only squander it , but do so in such a pompous , artless way .
and i probably would n't have done anything super productive with that 109 minutes anyway !
but even if i 'd spent it on something trivial , like a power block of masturbation and online poker , i would have felt more fulfilled when all was said and done .
the problems with this movie are myriad , and in better times i 'd articulate exactly what they were in a semi - adult fashion .
but in keeping with what this movie deserves , i think i 'll most likely stick to the realm of masturbation jokes and cartoon references .
the most irritating and terminal flaw is that while watching this movie one is keenly aware that the makers and participants think they are making a much smarter movie than they are .
demonstrating the depth of knowledge one could pick up in a one semester survey of western art history at a community college or trade school , the art - jargon is piled on thick and from all directions , with much of it supplied by talk between our hero , the tortured detective stan ( willem dafoe , who i will forgive for this movie due to him being willem dafoe ) and his accented antique dealer buddy blair ( peter stormare , taking a break from playing a sociopath for whom murder comes easy by playing a 2-dimensional plot device in a movie about a sociopath for whom murder comes easy ) .
and talk they do .
in fact , we are dropped into this story at a crime scene that may indicate the reemergence of a serial killer stan thinks he killed years earlier , so all the back story is established partially through unclear flashback , but primarily through stilted conversations between stan and his dealer , or stan and his colleague , the unforgivably irritating carl ( scott speedman ) .
and although i differentiate the character carl ( scott speedman ) from the actor who plays him by using parentheses , i must admit that very early on in the film i despised this character so much that i actually found myself sincerely wishing harm on the actor portraying him ( scott speedman ) .
not anything too fancy .
not death or paralysis , necessarily ..
but maybe herpes ?
or maybe a stage light could fall on him and crush his arm ?
this is a dangerous digression , but i 'm not editing it out because i want to leave anyone reading this who 's thinking about paying to see this train wreck of a movie with a clear impression of the horrible wishes and feelings it stirs in even the most peaceful man .
well , i 'm sort of running out of steam here ..
over the course of writing this the sick feelings this movie brought up in a me
have subsided , my head has cleared a bit .
realizing now that i 'm still investing time in something related to this piece of sh!t is startlingly similar to waking up after a night of suicidally heavy drinking next to the heaving form of a still slumbering 200 pound college girl .
your first urge is a desperate desire to flee .
this is natural .
this movie was supposed to have depicted a ' ladie 's man ' bachelor who was ready and willing to settle down once and for all .
however , i did not care for his mission to settle down , because i did n't care for his character .
i do n't understand what all of these beautiful women saw in him .
he had absolutely no class , or charisma .
he should 've at least had a way about himself that made ladies weak in the knees
other than his saxophone playing , but to no avail .
just because he is a musician does not make him sexy .
not to mention , the things he did to get the attention of a married woman he fell in love in a span of five minutes of knowing her were absolutely outrageous and ridiculous .
does this man have any shame what - so - ever ?
had he tidied up , and stopped doing and saying stupid things he would have been more attractive as a character , but alas , his character was bland and boring .
gina gershon 's character was unnecessarily british .
she could 've just as easily been an uptight out - of - towner with her regular speaking voice than do a poor british accent that sometimes would fade through out the movie .
the only two characters i cared for were the fish and frog .
now those two had chemistry !
academy nominations for both   stat !
plot holes , lack of character development , horrible acting , unnecessary drama , cliché moments ...
what a mess of a movie .
in the opening scene of " malta story " mr a.guinness bore such a startling resemblance to noel coward that i fully expected his first words to be " certain women need striking regularly - like gongs " or some such world - weary bon mot .
unfortunately his dialogue is hardly deathless prose and even the master would have had trouble bringing it to life .
indeed mr guinness wanders through the picture as if looking for a focal point and failing to find one .
and therein lies the fatal weakness of the whole movie .
mr j.hawkins likewise gives up early on and ends up giving a " jack hawkins " performance without an ounce of individuality .
it could have been spliced from any of a dozen british war movies .
many of the early fifties usual suspects turn up and do their schtick to very little purpose .
the luftwaffe failed to bomb malta into submission in much the same way as it failed to bring london to its knees .
the courage of the maltese people in the face of incessant danger was recognised by the king and the island was awarded the george cross .
a worthy subject you might think for a movie , but " malta story " does not even qualify for the term " worthy " in its most patronising sense .
it gives the appearance of being hastily cobbled together to meet a deadline , perhaps before the actors lost the will to live .
the first look on the cover of this picture , it looks like a good rock n roll movie .
but do n't let the cover fool you , or the fact that alice cooper and blondie is in it .
the storyline is just horrible , and so is the acting .
plain and simple : badit 's not a movie about a roadie , its just a thin love story , so awful that you see right through it .
the only good thing about this movie , is the soundtrack .
some good songs , and that is why i give 2 out of 10 .
if it was n't for the music , it would of been 0 out of 10 .
meat loaf is a horrible actor(at
least he was in 1980 ) , and the girl who plays the groupie is n't even good looking !
this movie was a huge disappointment for me , because it makes a lot of good promises .
somewhere between the food court and zip 's , the mall in this filmhas an explosives store .
this is the only place
the title charactercan purchase the bomb he plants in the mall in the dull finale .
a fictional town has a new mall , built on some land that wascondemned .
cute girl ( i did n't catch her name ) gets a job as awaitress there .
she lost her boyfriend in a fire at the site where themall stands .
the villainous mall owner hires the arsonistresponsible for the fire as a security guard after his first securityguard ends up dead .
rob estes , eons before " silk stalkings , " is aphotog / reporter trying to find a story .
he hooks up with cute girl , and their mutual " funny " friend pauly shore , and try to find out if ericis still alive .
he is , living in the mall basement ( ? )
and travelingthrough the air ducts and offing different people who upset hisformer girlfriend , including the arsonist .
eventually , he kidnaps herand the finale involves the bomb and everyone running from thescene before the big kablooey .
morgan fairchild is along for theride as the mayor ...
yes , she 's the mayor .
of course , you probably did not need a plot sketch since the entirestory is in the title .
someone named eric is taking revenge againstpeople as a phantom of a mall .
this also means there is nosuspense .
we know eric is behind this , but we still have to seeestes and cute girl go through the motions of a silly investigation .
watch as fairchild , who we know has been in cahoots with themall owner all along , pull a gun on our heroic duo in the middle ofa crowded party , yet no one says a word as she leads them to heroffice , and her eventual death .
the fictional town is huge , yet nary apoliceman is ever called , everyone relies on mall security for order .
eric has been hiding since the mall was built , but i am not surewhere .
he seems to live in a basement area , but you would thinksome construction worker would have found him .
he also hasfurnished his love pad quite well , and found a few outlets , since hehas electricity .
it might be nicer than your own apartment!pauly shore fans , both of you , take note .
he tricks a security guardout of his booth by mooning the camera .
yes , stop scanningcelebrity skin and playgirl , this is where you get to see a grainyblack and white shot of pauly 's south shore , although no weezil .
this is just junk , and proof positive that i am down to renting justabout anything at the video store to stay in the horror section .
thisfilm is not eric 's revenge , it is the film maker 's revenge for mebeing dumb enough to watch it .
here is my revenge : i do notrecommend it .
that 'll show ' em!this is rated ( r ) for physical violence , some gun violence , gore , some profanity , some female nudity , brief male nudity , and somesexual content .
i saw arthur(the tv series and the books)years ago and never was fond of the show very much(if
you 're a fan of this cartoon , sorry if i 'm spoiling it for you , but this is actually what i think).lots of people liked it , but i
didn't .
the school kids characters seemed to fought
all the time(especially arther and dw),they were nice to each other frequently , but gradually i got tired of arthur 's complaining attitude towards everyone and his sister
dw(however the name
spelled),and dw was an adhd(or
add)-like 4-year - old sister of arthur who was sometimes demanding(which could be why arthur got annoyed with what her routines were , like her imaginary friend and her stuffed animal collection
etc.),arthur 's friends acted like teenagers instead of what they were like in the arthur books , and the parents , well , they did n't care very much .
the greatest cartoon was rocko 's modern life , not arthur(no offense ) .
absolutely laughable film .
i live in london and the plot is so ill - researched
it 's ridiculous .
no one could be terrorised on the london underground .
in the short time it is not in service each night there are teams of maintenance workers down there checking the tracks and performing repairs , etc .
that there are homeless people living down there is equally unlikely .
or that it 's even possible to get locked in and not have access to a mobile phone in this day and age ...
the worst that 's likely to happen if someone did find themselves there after the last train is that they might get graffiti sprayed on them .
although this has been coming under control due to the massive number of security cameras on the network , another thorn in the side of the story .
( remember in london as a whole we have more security cameras than any other city in the world.)if it had been set in a city i am not familiar with perhaps i could have enjoyed it through ignorance , but it 's not a high quality film
so i just could n't bring myself to suspend my disbelief and try and enjoy it for the banal little tale that it is .
i would have given it 0/10 if such a rating existed !
possibly the most disappointing film
i ever thought i would like .
the goofy griswalds win the t.v. game show " pig in a poke " grand prize , and all fly off together to europe where they manage to cause one stupid disaster after another .
of all the ridiculous , unfunny money - spinning sequels this one beats the lot .
harold ramis ' 1983 film was a below average misadventure in which the misfit family went on a nightmarish " vacation " across the states .
this time amy heckerling ( " look who 's talking " ) helms what turns out to be a disastrous " comedy " which will annoy you more than it will make you laugh .
hughes script ( with rob klane ) is awful and you wonder why the likes of chevy chase and beverly d'angelo bothered with such a dead - beat project , as even anthony michael hall and imogene coca had the sense to decline the offer .
even an omnipotent michael palin is unable to lift proceedings to any level that one could call entertaining .
yet , as inconceivable as it may seem , " european vacation " was successful enough to warrant a second sequel !
surely it could n't be as unbearable as this one .
you know , i have yet to see a national lampoon show that was worth the bother .
monday , december 26 , 1994 - t.v.
well , what can you say about sitcoms .
there often quite lame , morale dedicative , and just plain .
so is this show !
it got a boring cast , although a.bynes is okej in her perky way , the rest is just stereotypical crap ....
as always .
we have all seen it before , and will probably see it all over again when this show is cancelled .
cause , lets face it , its a mediocre and self righteous show .
as the most sitcoms are ....
well , in short .
if you wanna see some good entertainment , you can rather take a twenty minute pause in front of the mirror .
do some faces and move on ....
its more entertaining than this show !
while an enjoyable movie to poke plot holes , point out atrocious acting , primitive ( at best )
special effects ( all of which have caused me to view this movie three times over the past six years ) , severed ranks among the worst i 've ever seen .
i 'm never sure who the protagonists are , all i know is that the killer uses a portable guillotine , as seen in the dance floor murder scene .
all in all , i do n't really like the movie , because only the first 30 minutes are enjoyable , the rest is a mishmash of confusing dialog and imagery that fail to progress the story to a logical conclusion ( which i ca n't remember anyway ) .
i am completely baffled as to why this film is even liked , let alone held in such high regard , especially by so many critics who are , otherwise , quite sensible .
there is one key word which describes this film to its core - irritating .
the most easily explained example of this is the director 's use - or , more accurately , abuse - of music .
in the first half , a really dull reggae tune is played about three times ( when once is too often ) .
but in the second half , the mommas and the papas " california dreamin ' " is played at least seven times , usually at top volume .
godsakes , whether you liked the song or not beforehand , you 'd be thoroughly sick of it by the end .
just think , some people claim to have seen this film four or five times .
this means they 've listened to california dreamin either 28 or 35 times .....
all of this needless hyper - repetition ( it contributes nothing to the story ) could possibly be excused if the remainder of the film had any lingering merit , or if the story was in any way involving .
but it ain't .
the only aspect i found likeable was bridgette lin 's charging around and still playing asia the invincible in a raincoat and sunnies .
even this wore off fairly quickly .
i'm sure this film 's undeserved high reputation will convince many poor suckers to go and see it .
i can only warn you - if you 've never seen a hk movie before , do n't start with this one .
if you feel compelled to watch it , avoid at all costs seeing it in a cinema .
the fast - forward and mute buttons are essential tools for survival here .
you have been warned !
this movie made me feel as if i had missed some important scenes from the very beginning .
there were continuity errors and plots that stopped as abruptly as they started .
i was very disappointed because i love whoopi goldberg & danny glover , in addition to that have always trusted & respected danny glovers taste in his choice of roles , " grand canyon " for example .
i just could not finish this movie , after what seemed an eternity , but was probably just a little over an hour ; we had to turn it off .
there was no comedy , there was nothing about the characters to make you empathize or sympathize with them , there was no evoking of emotion at all regarding this movie and the clips of their past were poorly edited , confusing , and unnecessary .
what could have been a great idea for a movie , even as a drama & not a comedy ( although i think a comedy in this situation would have been better ,
because i love to watch white people freak out & start acting like complete idiots , it makes me laugh ) became a waste of my $ 1 credit at the video store .
a film written and directed by neil young , " greendale " is little more than an 87-minute music video set to a doxen or so of the songwriter 's works .
in lieu of dialogue , the film relies exclusively on young 's lyrics , which are heavily laced with sociopolitical commentary , to tell the " story " while actors act out the scenes .
given the hammy performances and the shoddy graininess of the picture , the effect is the equivalent of young blowing up some of his own home movies and releasing them for public consumption .
although there is allegedly a " story " running through the film , we really have no idea what is going on thanks mainly to the unpolished look of the film , the lack of dialogue and the amateurish ineptitude of the acting .
all we get for eighty - seven minutes is a bunch of aging hippies cavorting silently through an incoherent narrative while young 's songs play endlessly on the soundtrack .
the whole thing turns into a tedious exercise in self - indulgence . "
greendale " gives off - hollywood , low budget movie - making a bad name .
i just finished a marathon of this series , and it became agonising to watch as it progressed .
from the fictionalising of the historical elements , to o'herlihy 's awful accent in later episodes , the show just slumps the further it goes .
if you are looking for some low quality production generalised ww2 fluff , then i could recommend season 1 , but avoid anything after that , it degenerates into being one step from a soap opera , with increasingly worse story lines and sensibility .
the old b&w film is by far the best of any form of entertainment with the colditz name attached to it , and even that is not what one could hope for .
this drummond entry is lacking in continuity .
most of them have their elements of silliness , the postponed wedding , and so on .
however , this has an endless series of events occurring in near darkness as the characters run from one place to another .
the house seems more like a city .
there 's also leo g. carrol who is such an obvious suspect who no - one seems to even look at .
he is a stranger and acts rather suspicious , but drummond and the folks do n't seem to pick up on anything .
still , it as reasonably good action and a pretty good ending .
i know that algie is supposed to be a comic figure , but like nigel bruce in the rathbone sherlock holmes flicks , he is so buffoonish that it 's hard to imagine anyone with taste or intelligence being around him .
is there a history behind him that will explain how he and drummond became associates ?
i had read many good things about this adaptation of my favorite novel ...
so invariably my expectations were crushed .
but they were crushed more than should be expected .
the movie would have been a decent movie if i had not read the novel beforehand , which perhaps ruined it for me .
in any event , for some reason they changed the labor camp at toulon to a ship full of galley slaves .
the scene at bishop myriel 's was fine .
in fact , other than the galleys , things survived up until the dismissal of fantine .
because we do not want to have bad things happen to a good woman , she does not cut her hair , sell her teeth , or become a prostitute .
the worst she does is run into the mayor 's office and spit on his face .
bamatabois is entirely eliminated .
because having children out of wedlock should also not be talked about , tholomyes is fantine 's dead husband , rather than an irresponsible dandy .
valjean is able to fetch cosette for fantine before the champmathieu affair , so they reunite happily , yet another change .
then comes the convent , which is a pretty difficult scene to screw up .
thankfully , it was saved .
after this three minutes of accuracy , however , the movie again begins to hurtle towards classic novel butchering .
as cosette and valjean are riding through the park , they come across marius giving a speech at a meeting .
about prison reform .
when he comes to hand out fliers to valjean and cosette , he says the one line in the movie that set me screaming at the tv set .
" we are n't revolutionaries .
" i could hear victor hugo thrashing in his grave .
of course they are revolutionaries !
they want to revolt against the pseudo - monarchy that is in place in favor of another republic , you dumb screenwriters !
it 's a historical fact that there was an insurrection against the government in 1832 .
at one point cosette goes to give marius a donation from her father for the reform movement and meets eponine .
except ... not eponine .
or at least not the eponine of the book .
this eponine appears to be a well - to - do secretary girl working for the prison reformers ( who are working out of the cafe universal as opposed to the cafe musain ) .
not to mention the audience is already made to dislike her thanks to her not - period , low - cut , tight - fitting dress and her snooty mannerisms .
the prison reformers ( lead by the most poorly cast enjolras that i have ever seen ) decide that handing out pamphlets is n't good enough anymore .
so they 're going to build barricades .
i do n't know about you , but i have never heard of reform movements tearing up the streets and building barricades and attacking government troops .
about three hundred people ( it was not supposed to be so many ) start attacking the national guard and building a bunch of barricades , etc .
eponine does die for marius , thankfully .
the rest of the movie is sort of accurate , except that javert 's suicide again seems hard to understand thanks to his minuscule screen time and odd character interpretation .
the movie ends with valjean watching javert jump into the river .
this is again inaccurate because valjean would never have let javert drown .
he saved the man 's life earlier , why let him die now ?
then there 's the whole skipping of valjean 's confession to marius , his deterioration , and his redemption on his deathbed with marius and cosette by his side .
overall , i can blame the script mostly for the problems .
while i am glad
enjolras and eponine were at least present in the film , they were terribly misinterpreted , as was the entire barricade scene .
the elimination of fantine 's suffering prevents us from feeling too much pity for her .
that cosette knows valjean 's past from the start messes with the plot a good deal .
i did not even see thenardier , and mme .
thenardier only had a few seconds of screen time .
the same with gavroche .
i did like frederich march 's interpretation of valjean a lot , however , which was one of the redeeming features of the movie .
on the other hand , charles laughton , for all his great acting in other movies , seems to have missed the mark with javert .
the lip tremble , the unnecessary shouting , and his acting in general all just felt very wrong .
he also , like many javerts i have seen , did not appear at all menacing , something required of the character .
again , this film would probably feel much better if i had not read the book .
i would not recommend it to book purists , though .
i would also say that the movie would have been a good adaptation for the time had not the infamously accurate french version come out the year before .
an inconvenient truth is as entirely simplistic and demagogic as the turgid slop created by the rabid and idiotic republicans , it meanders along intangible lines until it attempts to gorge something into your face , namely that we 'll all be dead in a few hundred years , which is already indisputable , but who cares , humans are selfish , destructive creatures , i frankly do not waste my time caring about human extinction .
i 'll just call it a " natural progression " .
let the apocalypse begin , but meanwhile , we have to listen to the same brazen , slanted politicians who propose another " new society " , well , do n't be fooled , we 'll all still be controlled by the wealthy , by those in power and by those idiots who created the catastrophes in the first place .
nothing will ever change .
al gore , whose hypocrisy is quite evident in the film , as he is being driven in a gas guzzling car all alone using a consumerist computer , he also lives on huge acres of land in a rather large mansion , the land itself was used for destructive erosive purposes including cattle , tobacco , pig farming ( which accounts for methane gas traces ) and who knows what else , his wealth is predicated on exploitation , greed and his investments include numerous large companies in the world with disputable records .
i hardly think this man is qualified to lecture the less fortunate , but his prestige is based on his opposition to another ludicrous political party , that is all , meanwhile he emits those very same rancid characteristics that make politics and politicians so appalling .
this bozo happens to be living the comfortable life and yet he 's lecturing poor people in africa about crop farming and cut and burn techniques ?
he travels across the world in first class seats in fuel wasting jets , uses product placed computers in the documentary , and yet he thinks everything is a " moral issue " .
he 's entirely absorbed in his own deluded nightmares , he says he came to these conclusions because of the death of his sister ( from tobacco induced cancer and the near death of his son by an automobile of all things ) .
did he fight against the tobacco companies or propose that automobiles be banned because they are dangerous hulking machines ?
everything must serve the " economy " , so why is he any different , the answer is he is not .
his forlorn and exhausted attempts at humanistic philosophy are disastrous , all this while he 's being filmed in the forest or along a little river eschewing stale life affirming quotes .
well mr gore , why do n't you try living like the common people then ?
he is a politician , plain and simple , he has a career invested in the power structure .
my question is , why does n't he concentrate on the powerful industrial nations of the earth who are to blame for most of the complications ?
he does n't do that because it would be unwise for " investments , stocks and corporations" .
al gore gives monotonous lectures about the subject in the documentary , namely to wealthy white people in the audience , who clap on cue , while showing them graph charts , numbers and percentages , and speaking in a dreary tone , no one without a harvard ( which the elites control )
education can make sense out of it , but he tells us everything is going to hell .
no kidding ,
but i think he fails to account for this problem precisely in the approach that capitalism has taken for the planet , namely that it is expendable and a waste dump .
he never once mentions how industrialization has created these problems , he just wants to put mild bandages on them but not eradicate the whole oppressive system .
its obvious he was spoiled , sent to the schools for elites and has the same basic temperament for politics as any other back stabbing , inconsistent dullard in washington .
whoever made this propaganda , as it is in no way different than what the republicans have conceived , had only goals in mind that were directed by capitalistic impulse .
that is to say , someone is going to benefit , and it seems the " new green " politicians who support venture capitalist companies who are buying up hordes of land in an attempt to develop the " new utopian future " with " new technologies " .
it 's the same old story , al gore is a believer in the elitist structure , he actually believes there is a " democracy " in the us which i find very naive .
if we are n't paying wages to the oil companies , then we 'll be paying them to the wind and solar companies .
i find the speech at the end quite rancid , along the lines of something gw bush would have oozed over to the dumb downed masses , gore speaks about " people uniting together to defeat communism " in the 1990 's , what it had to do with global warming , absolutely nothing
but he attempts to get base emotions ruminating in people .
with that said , he did n't understand that communism never existed in the world , the systems in europe and ussr were merely a tyrannical form of authoritarianism and capitalism , no less different than what controls the us interests .
social ecology was not even mentioned here , which is really a travesty .
if you want to change the world , then one must dispose of those antiquated systems that are based on greed , exploitation and violence .
nicole eggert was listed as the star of this , despite micheal dorn & stacey keach being much bigger stars than her .
basically this is a bit of a spin on the " alien lands on earth " film .
eggert plays the girl who feels sorry for an alien being chased by the military and takes in the runaway creature in her very sexy disguise .
a bit of nudity and partial nudity , a pointless sex scene all feature along the way .
the film stumbles through a few obvious set - pieces and running jokes about being shown photographs .
i quite liked the star trek jokes when micheal dorn had been taken over and he got a really cool death scene .
it was fairly obvious that stacey keach was going to be taken over and the film had quite a weak ending , it would have been nice to show exactly what kind of talent the alien passed to eggert .
this is the worst piece of crap i have seen recently .
there is nothing good about this movie .
the plot is plain stupid , dialogs do n't make any sense , humorous scenes never heard anything about the real humor .
actors just do n't play , the worse they do n't even try .
the script itself is somewhat which is in the same league with ed wood and uwe boll .
there is only one good thing in this flick , the fights .
they are well choreographed as one would expect of the hong kong guys , and are the only reason to watch prince of the sun .
although i believe the fights are just supposed to fill the empty space so that the screenwriter did n't have to bother thinking about the storyline .
however , this weak and absurd plot may prevent you from watching it to the end .
avoid it unless you are fan of the dragon lady cynthia rothrock .
1st watched 12/6/2009 - 4 out of 10 ( dir - walter lang ) :
disappointing musical from a character development standpoint , in my opinion , from this much - heralded rodgers and hammerstein piece .
there a couple of good songs and a decent comical portrayal , at times , of the king of siam by yul brynner -- but the movie does n't really do a good job of presenting the situation and the settings .
i can only blame the screenplay and possibly some of the acting as to why we do n't fully understand the character 's and their situations .
i know it might be a little too much to ask of a musical meant for the enjoyment of the songs and the dancing , but even this part did n't stand out a lot for me .
the basic storyline is about an english woman coming to siam to teach the children about upscale european things .
we find out later that the king is actually the biggest pupil .
there is a side forbidden romance between the king 's newest wife , played by rita moreno(a latino as an arab -- come on ! ! )
and a former lover that causes some complications but nothing really mesmerizing added though .
deborah kerr , as the main female character annie -- is ok but not that convincing either .
the king learns some things because of her presence and then the movie fades away as he does .
this is really a miniscule story with some songs and dancing but not that great of an experience for a viewer really .
this movie has many problem associated with it that makes it come off like a low budget class project from someone in film school .
i have to give it credit on its campiness though .
many times throughout the movie i found myself laughing hysterically .
it was so bad at times that it was comical , which made it a fun watch .
if you 're looking for a low - grade slasher movie with a twist of psychological horror and a dash of campy ridiculousness , then pop a bowl of popcorn , invite some friends over , and have some fun .
i agree with other comments that the sound is very bad .
dialog is next to impossible to follow much of the time and the soundtrack is kind of just there .
janeane garofalo has been very public in her displeasure about this film , calling it , among other things , anti - feminist .
she has also said on her radio show she hates making " romantic comedies " because she does n't believe in them .
i wholeheartedly agree with janeane here .
this film is a trifle at best .
she does her best , but overall , it was just another boring , unbelievable " romantic comedy " that has no basis in the real world .
whereas there will be some who will say " suspend your disbelief " , one grows tired of having to suspend it nearly every time you get a romantic film from hollywood .
janeane 's character , for some reason , is usually filmed in shadows and darkness , which makes her look unattractive , while uma 's character is filmed in lighter tones ( which probably displeased janeane and is probably one of the reasons she detests this film ) .
that really hurts the film if we are to buy the premise that janeane is supposed to be the better looking of the two .
as many have said here and on other comment threads , janeane is not ugly , but in fact , quite beautiful .
i have n't read one review where someone said uma was better looking .
having said that though , i believe that ben chaplin 's character would more than likely stay with uma , not janeane .
many men do n't like really intelligent women ( and many women do n't like really intelligent men ) , and sadly , ben probably would have stayed with uma .
and despite the director 's attempt to make janeane unattractive , it does n't work .
her natural beauty comes through anyway .
i think a lot of janeane 's male fans who are obsessed with her like this film because they like to think of themselves in the ben chaplin character , and actually scoring with janeane .
janeane is a lot more complicated than the character she plays here ( real life is always much more complex than hollywood can imagine ) , so take a cold shower gentlemen .
this is the role that janeane is best known for , and that 's a shame , as this really is n't that good of a film .
there 's tons of good - looking women in this flick .
but alas , this movie is nudity - free .
grrrrrrrrrr strike one .
ahem .
one story in this film takes place in 1971 .
then why the hell are the main characters driving a kia sportage ?
hello ?
continuity , anyone?as you might know , this movie was released in stereoscopic 3d.
and it is the most hideous effect i have ever seen .
i 'm not sure if someone botched the job on this , but there was no 3d , just double - vision blurs .
i did n't have the same problem with this company 's other 3d movies , hunting season and camp blood .
sure , the 3d in those ones sucked too , but with them i could see a semblance of 3d effect .
this thing is a big ball of nothing .
and whoever that women was who played the daughter of the ear - eating dame , yum !
i 'd like to see more of her .
in movies , as well .
looks like janet margolin at a young age .
purrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
this film is about a japanese woman who has an obsession with calligraphy on skin .
the plot is absolutely bizarre .
i fail to see any " sensual " or " erotic " undertones .
the plot turns an ancient art form into a fetishistic pornography .
in addition , the scenes that are filmed in hong kong are certainly portraying bad parts of hong kong , such as the airport in the middle of the city , poor living conditions and noise pollution .
throughout the whole film , i keep thinking that " the pillow book " is insulting the japanese culture and the hong kong environment .
pillow book " is a perverted , yet boring film .
seriously stay away from it .
they played this on the july 4th twilight zone marathon and this is , hands down ,
the worst twilight zone episode i 've ever seen .
it 's completely out of sync with the rest of the series in its tone .
even though twilight zone is a pretty uneven series and many episodes end up being groaningly predictable , this one was completely out of place .
compare this to legendary episodes like " a stop at willoughby " or " midnight sun " , and you realize there is no comparison .
buster keaton did what he could with such terrible material , and frankly it surprises me that someone of his historic comedy stature would stoop to the level of this episode .
even though he seemed to be giving it some effort , he must have needed the money ... there 's no other explanation .
the one thing that occurred to me after watching this drivel , was i would never get the time i used to watch this , back again .
if you want to see stacey keach and michael dorn try and earn what must have been then , the down payments on a holiday home then stay tuned .
wooden acting , poor special effects , the only comedic highlight was whilst our alien hero was in female form and this is over as soon as she has done her obligatory b - movie nude sex scene within 30 mins into the movie .
the opportunity to have made what could have been a decent movie disappears the moment nicole eggbert clocks the alien in a bar within 30 seconds , whilst the police , military and joe public do n't cotton on that the woman drinking coffee , dosn't use the cup handle and wears four jumpers at once .
she must obviously be from another planet .
just where i wish i was when this movie was on .
this was on the 30th anniversary dvd for blazing saddles , itself brilliant , but not this .
nowhere did i see mel brook 's name on here
and i can guess why , he 's got a lot more sense to not be associated with this pilot .
my gawd , who would find this funny .
sure there may be a race issue but for me it just was n't funny ,
well cause it 's simply not funny .
it 's like the writers did n't even try to be funny , just to cash in on being tied with blazing saddles .
did they expect this show to go for several seasons when they made this pilot ?
flat out , they did n't care .
it was a quick cash cow which thank god did n't cash out .
i guess it 's useful for historical purposes only , or only to demonstrate how stupid and unimaginative hollywood writers can be .
wow and i thought that any steven segal movie was bad .
every time i thought that the movie could n't get worse it proved me wrong .
the story was good but the actors could n't carry it off .
also , they made a lot of mistakes on how proper archiological digs are done .
for instance you do n't handle artifacts untill they are catologed and accounted for .
the biggest crime in casting was the archiologist girl .
she is a weak actress and i felt that her acting really made the movie less realistic
then it already was .
the whole concept of the knights templar being underground all these years seemed pretty stupid to me .
i like the idea of how they disappeared and stuff , so that almost seemed depressing .
i thought that the characters wern't explained well enough .
you did n't find out much background and that made it harder to relate to them .
i have a severe problem with this show , several actually .
a simple list will suffice for now , i 'll go into more depth later on : superficial characters , a laugh - track and boring humour .
if you do n't wish to look at the rest of this review and are only reading it so you can feel superior ( as if you see anything in this show
i did n't )
to a frequently irked teen from canada i 'll summarize :
friends sucks , not only because it is unfunny but because it destroyed the tv audiences for new , good shows ( arrested development , dexter etc . ) .
friends is as much to blame for reality tv , " two and a half men " and " the king of queens " as the television executives .
now then , on with the review .
these characters have no soul , they are exactly the same in every way ( outside of gender and hair colour ) .
they react the same way in boring situations and are completely secure in their own bodies .
where is the conflict and the humour that comes with it ?
why is n't rachel storming out on monica after monica starts hanging out with rachel 's enemy ?
why does n't joey contemplate suicide because nobody seems to take him seriously ?
oh right , cause he 's the dumb one
and he 's comfortable with that .
this is the curse of having perfect characters : lasting conflict and ( god forbid )
personality becomes an impossibility .
the laugh - track is the one thing that should have died out right after it was born .
any show that has one is almost certainly the opposite of funny .
how can i make such a broad generalization ?
when a show that claims to be " comedy " requires laughter from someone besides the audience it must mean that the audience would not laugh without it .
laughtracks destroy humour by preventing quick comebacks .
humour becomes a construct rather than a free flowing entity ( see the office , arrested development).this leads to my next point : the humour is boring .
there is no way to make a perfect character anything more than slightly humorous ( without a laugh - track apparently ) simply because our everyday humour comes from recognition of our flaws .
so what if monica dated a 17 year old ?
she immediately recognizes that what she is doing is n't right and breaks up with him .
there has to be some sort of conflict rather than an immediate solution .
maybe her mother finds out or one of her friends tries to get rid of him and ends up seducing him .
that would be great , it would be like a custody battle !
so now i 've provided evidence for my position .
many of my friends love this show because they have n't heard of curb your enthusiasm or arrested development , many of my friends hate this show because they recently started watching curb your enthusiasm or arrested development .
i have watched very little of " friends " in my life , but i have watched enough to spot huge flaws that make the show , in my opinion , completely unwatchable .
if you 've read this far , thank you , and i hope you at least start watching some of the shows i have mentioned .
i know slashers are always supposed to be bad , but come on , what the hell is this?it 's like a bunch of 10-year - olds saved their lunch money and started filming this by the end of their week .
anyway , six young people all go to the same house to get killed off screen .
we have the brainy one , the slut , the other slut , the black guy , the killer , stereotypes like that .
after one gets eaten by a shaking boat , the others all get stalked by some guy who wears a mask the people at the poor box rejected .
there 's one pretty decent murder somewhere in the middle , but then it 's back to even more boredom , and especially more false scares .
seriously , we actually know it ca n't be the killer when a person gets attacked because the guy sure loves to take his sweet time for everything .
after every character you expected to die dies , the standard ugly blonde chick and her soon - to - be - boyfriend eventually get captured by the killer(they
get like , pushed down
and then faint)and the killer reveals himself .
i think the writers of this movie just took a blindfold and a pen and put it somewhere on the list of characters .
the motive is just lame and do n't even get me started on the damn secret .
the killer then of course takes way too much time to explain everything(and
then about ten minutes extra in which he slices up his own arm for some reason)and eventually gets overpowered by a guy with a gun .
hey , no fair!really one of the most awful movies i 've ever seen .
i could enjoy myself more by watching a lindsay lohan - movie , i swear .
i mean sure , most 80 's slashers sucked as well
but at least they threw in some t&a.this movie
just has nothing going for it .
---what happened to these unlikeable people .
alan arkin was , as usual , unfunny and just walks through the role .
the kids are all a mess .
mariesa tomei probably wishes this role had never come her way .
and what are carl reiner and rita moreno doing in this really bad , mean movie ?
if you enjoy watching losers wallow in their disfunction , and not try in any way to do better , this is your film .
all others , take a walk , read a book , or see something else .
this movie stinks .
the stench resembles bad cowpies that sat in the sun too long .
i ca n't believe that so many talented actors wasted their time making such a hopelessly awful film .
whew !
for this review , a list of good points and bad points .
i'll start with the bad .
bad points :
the casting choices(especially burt reynolds as boss hogg),the acting of said badly chosen cast , the storyline , the idea of setting the film in the modern day , the direction , the editing , the soundtrack , and above all , the whole idea of making a feature film out of a television series that was n't that great to start with , despite it 's popularity .
good points :
jessica simpson in a red bikini ............
that 's
it!one might make an analogy here .
in the scene where jessica simpson as daisy duke struts her way up to michael weston as enos , and asks the question,"enos , where 's boss hogg and roscoe?",in his clouded judgment , tells her where they are .
she might just as well have asked,"enos , is this a good movie?",the red bikini would have clouded his judgment into saying yes , even though in his right mind he would have said,"no , not really .
good as she looked in the bikini
, she could have been stark naked , and even that would not have saved this horrible piece of film - making .
stay out of hazzard !
is there a movement more intolerant and more judgmental than the environmentalist movement ?
to a budding young socialist joining the circus must seem as intimidating as joining a real circus .
even though such people normally outsource their brain to hollywood for these important issues , the teachings of hollywood can often seem fragmented and confusing .
fortunately ed is here to teach neo - hippies in the art of envirojudgementalism .
here you 'll learn the art of wagging your finger in the face of anyone without losing your trademark smirk .
you 'll learn how to shrug off logic and science with powerful arguments of fear .
you 'll learn how to stop any human activity that does not interest you by labeling it as the gateway to planetary armageddon .
in addition to learning how to lie with a straight face you 'll also learn how to shrug off accusations that are deflected your way
no matter how much of a hypocrite you are .
you 'll be able to use as much energy as al gore yet while having people treat you as if you were amish .
in the second season was even more useful
as we were able to visit other hollywood gods , holy be thy names , and audit - i.e. judge - their lifestyles .
note :
this is the only time it 's appropriate for an envirofascist to judge another because it allows the victim the chance to buy up all sorts of expensive and trendy eco - toys so that they can wag their finger in other people 's faces .
what does ed have in store for us in season three ?
maybe he 'll teach us how to be judgmental while sleeping !
an offensively over - the - top action adventure , first blood part ii seemed to catch the mood of the us at the time of it 's release in the mid-80's , with right - wing reaganism and virulent anti - red feelings still not finished yet , though the emergence of a certain mikhail gorbachev in the heart of the ' evil empire ' in moscow would soon render these types of films redundant;even reagan himself eventually admitted this truism .
in that sense , we can be most grateful to ' gorby',not for his disarmament treaties with the us , nor his policies of ' glasnost',or even his support of democracy being restored to the eastern european countries in the former soviet union 's backyard .
no , it 's the final diminution of foolish , jingoistic , bloated cold - war adventures like this .
the first rambo film was hardly perfect , though at least was a mildly literate and adequate action thriller with a not too bad storyline .
in this sequel , any sense of even the remotest conviction is instantly jettisoned for silly , senseless plotting and incident in which rambo single - handedly takes on scores of brainlessly stereotyped vietnamese and russian troops to rescue american pow 's ten years after the conflict ended , with the americans on the losing side .
perhaps the reason why the film was a huge box - office success was to let many americans wallow in fantasy;they may have lost the war , but there was still unfinished business at hand , and ludicrous comic - strip heroics with a robot - like hero killing virtually every red on sight , with as much hardware as possible , fulfilled such whimsically far - fetched ideals .
this could have been entertaining on a superman / spiderman level , but sadly everything is played absolutely straight .
but that is not to say that there is no humour in the film;sadly
it is virtually all of the unintentional kind .
the action scenes , though technically adequate , never once carry the slightest bit of conviction or persuasiveness , because they are always placed in the most spectacularly unbelievable of contexts;namely , our hero rambo is always unscathed ( aside from a few cuts and bruises here and there ) despite the tons of explosives , grenades , gunshots , etc.going around him .
in between the mayhem , what there is of a script consists of the dullest clichés and banalities .
stallone , who co - wrote the script with james cameron ( a long way from the exciting terminator made the previous year),deliberately seems to have given the rambo character as little to say in understandable english , and merely comes out with moronic grunts , almost as though he has invented his own brand of patois only understandable to himself .
maybe his colleague cameron was thinking of the terminator again with so little communication involved for the lead character !
in this sense rambo seems even less of a human than the terminator did !
the rest of the cast do little better with good actors like charles napier and richard crenna doing their admirable best with the hackneyed dialogue they are given , and
steven berkoff hamming it up outrageously yet again with another of his russian kgb / red army villain roles .
berkoff 's overplaying is mildly enjoyable but not remotely menacing .
how come that sly managed to survive berkoff 's electric shock torture to kill yet more of those red commie scumbags ?
well , credibility is never this film 's strong point .
it is a work of fantasy comparable with the wizard of
least that was meant to be a fantasy , and an immortal classic it turned out to be .
this is only a classic of the most dismal , and indeed offensive , kind .
and as for sly 's climactic speech ... ,rather hypocritical after slaughtering all those people , eh ?
by the way , in the same year , he also made rocky iv ..........
rating:3 out of 10 .
when i was younger i really enjoyed watching bad television .
we 've all been guilty of it at some time or another , but my excuse for watching things like " buck rogers in the 25th century " and " silver spoons " is this : i was young and naive ; ignorant of what makes a show really worthwhile .
thankfully , i now appreciate the good stuff .
stargate sg-1 is not good .
the 12 year - old me would love every hackneyed bit of it , every line of stilted dialogue , every bit of needless technobabble .
the writing is beyond insipid ; so bland and uninspired
it makes one miss star trek : voyager .
if your show makes me long for the worst trek show ever , you 're in trouble .
the film stargate is a wonderful guilty pleasure , anchored by two solid performances by james spader and kurt russell , full of fascinating egyptian architecture and culture , a wonderful musical score , and cool sci - fi ideas .
with the exception of a little of the original music , none of what made the film fun appears in this show .
even richard dean anderson , who made macgyver watchable and legend interesting , seems like he 's half asleep most episodes .
the budget must have been very low because the sets sometimes look like somebody 's basement .
the cinematography is n't much better , as vanilla and dull as the scripts .
it amazes me that shows with a lot more style ( like farscape ) and
substance ( like the reimagined battlestar galactica ) have smaller , less rabid fanbases than this pap .
it just does n't deserve it .
leonard maltin compared this film to a mel brooks comedy .
he was far too kind to ms. rivers , and far too cruel to mr. brooks .
not even the raunchiest mel brooks films are this tasteless , and at least they 're genuinely funny .
this picture deserves a place on the hundred - worst list .
i wish i could give this movie a zero , or even lower , because sadly that 's what it deserves .
i honestly never walk out of a movie , but this one was so dreadfully awful that i could n't stand another minute of it .
please , please , please-
for the sake of mankind- skip this movie .
if you want a hot lesbian movie that you can really delve into , this is n't it .
it has unattractive , unappealing leads , choppy structure , ridiculous dialog , and it is absolutely unconvincing in every imaginable way .
on an absolutely basic level , it fails to entertain .
everything about " mango kiss " is so stagey , it is worse than any student film i have seen .
as if that were n't enough , the entire movie relies on constant ( and
i mean constant ) voice over narration .
the script writer may as well have written a novel , because they insisted on telling everything , instead of showing it .
we are just supposed to assume that lou and sassafras are the best of friends and have a special connection , even though there is no character development to illustrate this .
also , this film continues to introduce to new characters after the first five minutes , and not in a natural way , but in a freeze - frame of the characters with their name written over the screen .
there is no introduction , no development of any of the characters .
we do n't really get to know any of them .
this is the most amateur movie i have ever seen .
i am a gay woman , who watched this film with my roommate ( another gay woman ) and we both found this movie to be a depressing representation of queer cinema .
i am beginning to think that lesbian and gay movies are a lot like christian rock - it does n't matter how atrocious it is , people will still flock to it , and champion it , no matter how poor the quality is .
please do n't rent this ! !
instead , let 's encourage the production of quality gay and lesbian movies by renting "
but i 'm a cheerleader " or " fire " or " heavenly creatures " , instead of swallowing whatever mindless tripe they aim at the gay community ( i.e. queer as folk ) .
this movie has a few things going for it right off the bat .
having dani filth as a lead actor is automatically going to make some people like this movie .
admittedly , i love cradle of filth and listened to the soundtrack to this movie long before i watched it .
dani filth is a very recognizable character and makes for a great lead .
the independent filming style of the movie is great for the creepy factor .
there are some gorgeous actresses in this movie .
for being low budget , the special effects were n't bad either .
the ways that people died were very creative and nightmarish .
now on to the cons .
there is very little talking throughout this whole movie , thus making for very little as far as character development .
it 's hard to fear for the lives of limp , static characters .
when there was a little talking , the f bomb was abundant , popping up in random places .
yes , i understand people swear but it seems like a preteen boy scripted this and thought himself cool for including all the language .
the storyline , what i could make out of it , was pretty good although many parts are left dangling and the lack of conversation leaves one often wondering what 's happening .
in the end , cradle of fear is like a porno for people who love sex and violence , but like a porno trying to pull of a storyline , it just does n't work too well .
rent it though , if you 're a morbid person looking to sate your blood and flesh appetite .
okay , just by reading the title you would think that it would be a good movie .
well , at least i did .
it started out good but became so boring after the first half hour .
* spoiler*it tells a story about a mother that is so desperate for her daughter to become a cheerleader that she will go to any lengths to get what she wants .
the only problem is that her daughter 's friend is the girl in the way .
she always wins the competitions , therefore pushing the mother further towards " eliminating " her .
after talking to a " hitman " , the mother decides that the girl needs to be roughed up a bit .
so actions are taken but she eventually gets caught .
the cast is awful and the movie drags on too long with nothing happening .
do n't waste your time watching this .
disappearance is about a couple who take their family on vacation in new mexico and find themselves in deep trouble after taking a detour off the main highway to visit a town that was seemingly abandoned in 1948 for unknown reasons .
the town of weaver seems harmless at first and has tourist appeal until the family is stranded there overnight
and they begin to have good reason to suspect that others have experienced their same predicament with fatal outcomes .
the henleys watch a blair - witch - project - esquire video diary left by the town 's last victim , which ironically demonstrates the best performance of anyone in this movie .
although hamlin and dey 's performances are much better than the supporting casts ' , their emotional affect seems " flat " to me throughout the movie .
disappearance has appeal for most of the movie as there is much suspense and good direction .
however , the plot takes unexpected and implausible turns that seemingly make no sense .
worse yet it that there really is no understanding of what exactly is going on in the movie , which makes the bizarre ending less tolerable .
it appeared to me that the movie makers were so focused on making a stream of suspenseful scenes , that they threw away all the elements of good story making : plot development , gradual explanation of themes and symbols that lead to a cohesive solution / outcome .
the most difficult aspect of the movie for me was that the first three - quarter of it was spent building up tension and curiosity about certain aspects of the plot that were then suddenly disposed of as if we did n't deserve an explanation : what was the significance of the indian symbols on the walls ?
what happened to the original people of weaver ?
what was the connection with the people at the dinner ?
what did the sheriff know ?
what did the missing boy discover if anything?this was , i believe , a bad move , since it engendered some resentment .
i had invested quite a bit of brainpower into hypothesizing some plausible explanations for some of these plot turns and strange events , only to have the movie makers simply end it without giving an answer to any of these things .
these are some nice cliffhangers for the ending of a miniseries that is about to pickup again next week , but a totally frustrating and inappropriate ending for a stand - alone movie .
about three minutes into this thing i started fast - forwarding , pausing only during the nudity ( why is it that bad movies always include such good looking women ? ) .
in ten minutes i was done , and wishing i could get my money back from the rental store .
the people who write these movies should be sanctioned by the mpaa .
come on writers - the bad guys always get into the car with the bomb activated by the good guy 's remote control !
that 's the way its been done since the days of the ottoman empire !
also , to add insult to injury , the " twist " at the end was so formulaic , that it could have come from any action movie written in the past 25 years .
burt reynolds was fine , but he should concentrate on real movies .
this movie is just a waste of time
- run away !
run away !
to be honest i had heard this was pretty bad before i decided to watch it , but i 'm never one to let others influence my viewings , in fact i 'm more likely to watch something out of defiance ! .
bullwhip had one thing going for me before the viewing anyway ,
the fact that rhonda fleming and those gorgeous eyes was in it had me interested right away .
the picture is n't very good , and is in fact very morally dubious , all the characters are corrupt and shifty in one way shape or form , all motivated by greed or egocentric victories , this is all well and good if the surrounding film can do justice to a bunch of despicable people and create a taut climax shuddering picture .
sadly it does n't , and as the finale fills your eyes with sugar you ca n't help shouting out that you have been cheated into watching a pretty bad film , nobody in the cast come out with any credit , with lead man guy madison painfully wooden in the extreme .
not even the lovely rhonda can make me recommend this to anyone , 3/10
in one instant when it seemed to be getting interesting , it never got there .
the people are going from one point to another point , with really no point ( if there was one it was very dull ) .
there was no action , suspense or any horror and the characters were pretty heartless , so there was no caring what happened to them .
all together the movie was pretty boring .
i give it a 3/10.i
like that it was n't shaky choppy camera - work
and if there was music it did n't annoy me like some really bad movies and the acting
was not horrendous .
this really does n't match up to castle of cagliostro .
lupin is n't as funny or wacky or as hyperactive .
the scenery and music are uninspired and plot just is n't interesting .
the only good thing about this ' un is the nudity ( only in the uncut version ) provided by fujiko .
it helped spice up some of the tedious scenes .
coc had a formidable villain and set up the movie for some imaginative set - pieces .
the locations in tsotg are not very vivid or engaging .
zenigata , goemon and jigen do n't even provide decent sideshow entertainment this time .
it 's like they were just filling a contractual obligation by appearing .
the dvd is in full - frame with dolby stereo sound .
it has a decent amount of extras , including quite a few trailers .
but one curious thing .
there is no chapter selection on the disc or timecode displayed on the player once inserted .
though you can still skip to the next scene number using the remote .
after seeing the poster from the film smother , i knew i was about to live one of those intolerable film experiences which make me want to take my eyes out .
however , i felt a slight optimism because the movie had a solid cast which i thought it was going to rescue the movie .
unfortunately that did not happen .
smother is a horrible movie , but it is not execrable .
that is the best i can say about it .
the screenplay from smother ( written by the same guys from license to wed , something which explains they have anything but talent for writing movies ) is full of cheap and predictable humor .
seriously , i did not laugh even once watching this film .
besides , the solid cast i previously mentioned is absolutely wasted .
after the big number of garbage she has been involved in ( like the monumentally atrocious and execrable because i said so),some people may think the career from diane keaton is extinguishing .
however , it is impossible for me to forget the excellent performances she has brought in previous decades , on films like annie hall or baby boom .
on smother , she makes her best effort with her performance , but her character is so horribly written she can not do anything with it .
dax shepard has left on me a good impression with his solid performances on the films baby mama and idiocracy .
however , he does what he can with his character .
mike white also makes a good effort , but he does not reach too far away .
he is a very talented screenwriter ( like he has shown on films like the good girl and school of rock),so
i would have liked to see he was one of the screenwriters from this movie , instead of only acting on it .
liv tyler suffers from the same situation of all the previously mentioned actors : being wasted .
the worst fail from smother is being absolutely boring and unfunny .
its screenplay is nothing more than a collection of forced scenes and situations we have seen on sit - coms .
stay far away from this crappy comedy .
there are two points i need to make clear right at the beginning .
first of all we all know what this year 's oscar 's were really all about this year .
it was the academy 's way of showing people that they are no racist , and never have been .
they wanted to clear all preconceived notions about themselves .
secondly , it 's kinda pointless to make remarks about the show , because really , what difference will it make ?
but , it 's fun to write about it .
this is the year i became fed - up with the oscar 's !
i will never watch the show again .
every year they do something wrong .
before crowe wins for " gladaitor " when they real winner should of been ralph fiennes for " sunshine " .
if you have n't seen this movie yet , watch it
and you 'll agree .
eyes wide shut " when released receieved no nominations .
and as far as this year goes , well , the bad choices were all over the place !
baz lurhmann gets no " best director " nomination !
are you joking ! ! "
a beautiful mind " is up for " best make - up " ? ? ? ?
" training day " gets nominated ? ?
the movie was awful , and it seemed like washington did n't even turn in a performance , all he proved was , he knows how to use four letter words !
that 's what h won the award for !
take away the language
and i bet he was almost playing himself !
i liked " gosford park " , i really did , but
why 7 nominations ?
and how on earth could they not give it too altman !
i mean , c'm on , if there just giving the award to people to clear up any bad feelings , what about altman ?
the man has been in the public 's eye for 32 years now and no oscar !
there were many , many things that bothered me about this year 's oscar 's , but , i 'll live with it , as long as i never have to watch another show again !
the highpoint ( and the only one ) of the show was when woody allen made his first appearance ever to the award show .
that will go down as one of the greatest moments in he history of the show .
this movie had so much potential .
anyone who followed the story of jeffrey knows that there are so many details overlooked in this movie
it 's ridiculous .
too much time and effort was spent in the movie on dahmer 's homosexual tendencies and his alcohol consumption .
where was the character development ?
the origins of any villain are always interesting and dahmer was no exception .
where in the movie does it address his adolescence when he began killing and mutilating small animals ?
instead we are giving a dizzying array of flashbacks that seek to explain the origin of the killer , but fail to address the major point in dahmer 's development .
also , the reason why the country became so intrigued with this story was the details - how he stored the bodies in his apartment and the lengths and measures he went to to accomplish this ; his cannibalism and his desire for flesh , etc .
i could go on , but to sum up , too many lagging points in the film , focused on his sexuality and not enough of the gore - the good stuff you would expect to see when the title of the movie is " dahmer . "
when will the hurting stop ?
i never want to see another version of a christmas carol again .
they keep on making movies with the same story , falling over each other in trying to make the movie better then the rest , but sadly fail to do so , as this is not a good story .
moralistic , old - fashioned , conservative happy - thinking .
as if people learn .
the numerous different versions of this film prove that we don´t .
i absolutely love all of tom robbins books , so i was very excited and interested to see a movie made after one of his books .
i knew that there would be no way that the movie would capture even half of robbins ' magic , but after seeing the movie , it made me never want to read the book again .
the movie even cowgirls get the blues does n't include an eighth of the content in the book , and it seems to focus more on the love connection between bonanza jellybean and sissy than anything else .
along with the incredibly weak plot line in the movie , i think that better actors definitely could have been chosen to play the characters .
the only actors in the movie that i thought played their roles fit to robbins ' descriptions in the book were julian 's friends , in their five minute clip in the beginning of the movie .
those who have n't read the book might enjoy the movie , but as a huge tom robbins fan , this movie was nothing but a disappointment .
this film is awful .
the cgi is the very cheap gray blob cgi .
the crocodile looks like a large gray smudge .
the worst is that no effort at all is given to making it walk or look like it is alive .
it is mostly a photo - shopped cgi that is placed into scenes and you almost expect to see the hand that is moving the cgi smudge across the screen .
this is one of the worst examples of cgi effects that i have ever witnessed , and i have seen lots of the very bad sci - fi channel movies .
aside from the terrible lack of special effects , the cast is composed of the typical low - cost actors who probably work as waiters / waitresses at local diners while they wait for their big breaks .
perhaps the most ridiculous scene in this movie is when one of the bad guys is attempting to sexually assault kate and the giant crocodile jumps straight up out of the water to the second floor of the villains headquarters and through the balcony and pulls the bad guy off kate and instead of crashing straight down through the building ( and crushing kate )
the croc just flies backwards at the same angle into the water .
no laws of physics can apply to this movie or the special effects .
at least there is honor among crocodiles .
as a great admirer of marlene dietrich , i had to ( finally ) watch this very , very dull picture .
it is miss dietrich 's first color film , and the world 's most beautiful blond is a redhead !
bad start .
the story is a tremendous bore , involving a subject which itself bores bores me stiff : religious guilt .
( who needs it ? ? ? )
suffice it to say , perhaps , that of all dietrich 's films ( and i have seen most , including " pittsburgh " )
this is the only one where even her performance is barely worth watching .
the color photography is ok ( this is a very early technicolor release ) , but to no purpose .
ridiculous casting : c. aubrey smith , basil rathbone ( enough said ? ) .
the only thing of any interest at all is john carradine 's outlandish caricature of a performance as " the sand diviner , " who foretells all that will happen .
the supposed " happy ending " is one of the most depressing ever conceived .
yet another example of david o. selznick 's highly inflated reputation ( did he ever make a really good film ?
-- other than that one ? )
and , for one final annoyance , the soundtrack of the mgm dvd is a mess , with volume levels seemingly randomized .
highly unrecommended .
this is an interesting left turn for reel 13 indies .
two harbors is a b&w 75 minute film from minnesota that features non - actors and is about two people finding a connection through a search for alien life .
i applaud the boldness of the reel 13 programmers of thinking out - of - the - box when selecting this film .
i just wish they had picked a stronger film to be bold with .
as a matter of fact , i wonder if the choice had more to do with the uniqueness of the film than with the actual quality of the film itself ( not that two harbors is completely without merit , but i 'll get to that a little later ) .
as is common with independent films , two harbors is limited in terms of location .
there are only two real locations  a large junk dealership market and a very teeny trailer , which is the home of the middle - aged main character , vic , played by alex cole .
writer / director james vculek uses the market setting to provide exposition about vic , who is one of the dealers there .
he has various people walk up to vic and start very long conversations that provides us with just two pieces of information
 vic sells space toys ( he prefers to call them " outer space action figures " ) and he is a caustic asshole .
this is emblematic of one of the two key problems with two harbors - all the chatting .
i 've said it before
and i 'll say it again
we are dealing with a visual medium and filmmakers need to work harder to tell their stories visually .
there are exceptions , of course , but generally , endless patter is not so engaging on film  particularly if the dialogue is being used as exposition .
pretty much all the conversations in the film are long and unnecessarily verbose .
a notable example would be a few scenes which feature vic trying to play himself off as a boy scout leader in order to get a discount at a store .
he argues with the clerk back and forth and these scenes do n't even advance the plot one iota .
this is the kind of thing that makes even a 75 minute film feel long .
the other problem with two harbors is the acting .
i may be a bit of a curmudgeon when it comes to performance in film , but i really do n't feel like there 's a good excuse for not having good actors in your films .
there are plenty of good actors out there , many of which willing to work on low - budget projects  even in minnesota .
many filmmakers eschew the importance of acting ability as being secondary to their visuals , but that is naïve .
in narrative film - making , next to the story , nothing is more important than the acting / performances .
if you do n't believe the people enacting your story , your audience is lost .
originally , i thought vculek was using non - actors , but as the film went on , i decided that they were probably community theater - type actors .
it was n't that they were uncomfortable on camera .
it 's that they were overly theatrical ( i.e. big ) .
granted , the best of the actors were the two leads  cole and catherine e. johnson as cassie , a lonely young girl that gets caught up in vic 's extra - terrestrial hunt .
they seemed to have the most training , but they were still a little rough around the edges .
the eccentricities they displayed seemed to be surface only - not coming from a real , organic place within .
ms. johnson , in particular , is an interesting case .
she definitely has a presence  a midwestern charm about her , but that charisma belies the multitude of issues her character is supposed to have .
she struggles to portray the idiosyncrasies that stem from a supposed life of solitude and ( slave ? )
labor , relying on stock gestures like eye rolls , lip biting and stammering to suggest her discomfort with the outside world .
i mentioned in the first paragraph that two harbors is not completely without merit and here 's what i mean .
without giving too much away , there is a fade to white an hour into the film .
after that , the story takes a stunning turn , which allows the last fifteen minutes to be evocative and downright powerful 
it 's like a sucker punch to the gut , but in a good way .
it 's almost a huge relief to feel something after so long with these characters .
the last five minutes of the film do n't have any dialogue at all and the result is the best part of the film  subtle , detailed
( cole does his best work of the film ) and most importantly , cinematic .
then , with the closing credits comes the most staggering revelation of all  that it 's based on a true story , which got me to thinking .
with all the dialogue , the minimal locations and the lack of cinematic qualities , it occurred to me that with two kick ass actors and a tightening re - write , two harbors might make a really kick - ass stage play  maybe even a one - act .
if there are any bold theater producers out there reading this , i definitely recommend seeing if you can get a hold of the film and contact the filmmaker , reel 13 or whomever .
there might be something to this story after all  ( for more information on this or any other reel 13 film , check out their website at www.reel13.org )
probably encouraged by admirers of her much - better " orlando " , potter here delivers a vehicle for herself in the worst way : she writes , directs , stars , and actually co - writes the music , including a mawkish love song .
the film strongly resembles a high school or college project by a teenager convinced that her own intimate loves and melodramatic obsessions are as fascinating to us as to her .
but potter 's character is as unsympathetic as the object of her romantic obsession is unlikable , and the whole film is an embarrassing display of narcissism masquerading as a celebration of the tango .
perhaps if she had n't cast herself it might have worked .
she just ca n't act , whether playing herself or not .
pretentious , over - ambitious , dull , and silly .
not that he 'd care , but i 'm not one of simon pegg 's friends .
if i was , there 's a good chance we 'd fallout if he continued to make dross like this .
the trouble is , he found a successful formula as the bumbling , ordinary guy - next - door type in shawn of the dead , run fat boy run etc , but it 's starting to wear thin .
here his character has no discernible qualities , he 's rude and obnoxious , and thinks he 's funny when he frankly is n't .
when transferred to new york from london ( and i presume this link is meant to appeal to viewers on both sides of the atlantic ) , he proves equally out of place with his new colleagues .
still , is it any wonder
when amongst his jolly japes he hires a transvestite stripper to appear at an editorial meeting an act of revenge for his boss .
yet somehow , kirsten dunst starts to warm to him , even though he 's done nothing nice .
oh , and because he 's a superficial male he falls for megan fox at first sight , possibly because her character is as shallow as his .
it all makes for a predictable film conclusion , although i ca n't see any viewer expressing how this mirrored their life .
the shame is that on paper this is a cast supposedly worth watching .
pegg , though , plays himself , kirsten dunst seems to just go though the motions , creating no on screen chemistry , and megan fox is n't stretched at all .
the one huge plus is miriam margolyes , as pegg 's new york landlady - now if she had been on screen longer .....
worst .
movie .
ever .
what was the purpose of filming this remake ( aside from turning it into a 90-minute informercial for the movie 's soundtrack ) ?
zombies
that * run
i guess the director never watched the original " dead " films , which show stiff - limbed ( from rigor mortis ) creatures shuffling / shambling toward their living prey .
and how , exactly , did the survivors know which boat in the marina belonged to the recently departed steve?1/10
this movie is not only a very bad movie , with awful actors --or presumed actors-- , a bored direction and a story unattractive , it also copies exactly an scene from the excellent " giallio " " torso " , directed by sergio martino in 1973 ( two years before ) , one of the most celebrated psycho - thrillers of italian cinema and a cult - movie around the world .
in " la sanguinusa conduce la danza " , the director replays the bed scene between the black girl and the white girl , with an peeping - tom watching from a window of the bedroom .
naturally , the scene in rizzo 's movie is ridiculous and inferior to the softness and charming in martino 's film .
to put another black girl , another white girl and another peeping - tom replaying the scene is simply the most appropriate way of prove that rizzo 's movie has no ideas , no originality , no taste , and nothing at all .
i think that such things are an offense to spectator .
this movie is awesome .
i watched it the other day with my cousin jay - jay .
he said it was alright , but i think it rulezzz !
i mean , it 's so cool .
ted v. mikels is so brave and smart .
he made a movie totally unlike those terrible hollywood films , like the matrix and stop or my mom will shoot .
it could have been better , though .
i like ninjas and pirates .
i also like that big talon that the funny man wears .
i think he 's the coolest guy since that domino pizza claymation guy .
not only does this movie look really cool , like those out - of - focus movies my dad made of my birthday when i turned 6 .
but it tells a complex tale with dozens of characters that seem to be totally unrelated , but they all meet up in the end .
it 's genius how this web is woven to make everything meet up .
i wish ted v. mikels would make a sequel .
but it needs more aliens .
and a pirate .
i 'd like to think myself as a fairly open minded guy and it takes a lot ( ! )
for me to dislike a movie but this one is without a doubt one of the suckiest , crappiest movie i 've ever seen!i have no idea what 's wrong with the people who gave it such a good rating here
( imdb is usually pretty reliable when it comes to ratings ) ...
the only thing i can imagine is that people must 've voted during one or more conditions:1 .
while being shitfaced / stoned out of their minds 2 .
they 've received hard cash for the votes 3 .
under gunpointi ca n't believe i wasted a good 1 h 45 min of my life for this pathetic excuse for a movie .
band camp was awful ,
the naked mile was a little better , and this third straight to dvd in the american pie franchise seems the same quality as the predecessor .
basically erik stifler
( john white ) split from his girlfriend after losing his virginity , and now him and mike ' cooze ' coozeman ( jake siegel ) are joining erik 's cousin dwight ( steve talley ) at college .
with the promise of many parties , plenty of booze , and enough hot chicks at the beta house , they only have fifty listed tasks to carry out to become official privileged members .
but a threat comes into sight with the rivals , gek ( " geek " ) house , led by power - hungry nerd ( and sheep shagger ) edgar ( tyrone savage ) offering bigger and better than what beta have .
to settle it once and for all , beta and gek go into battle with the banned , for forty years , greek games to beat each other in , with the loser moving out .
the last champion of the games , noah levenstein
aka jim 's dad ( the only regular eugene levy ) runs the show , which sees the people unhooking bras , a gladiator duel floating on water , catching a greased pig , russian roulette in the mouth with cartridges of aged horse spunk , wife carrying and drinking a full keg of alcohol ( with puking not disqualifying ) .
it all comes to the sudden death , with a guy getting stripper lap dancing , and they have to resist cumming , beta house win when edgar cums with a girl dressed as a sheep on his lap .
also starring flubber 's christopher mcdonald as mr. stifler , meghan heffern as ashley , dan petronijevic as bull , nic nac as bobby , christine barger as margie , italia ricci as laura johnson , moshana halbert as sara coleman , sarah power as denise , andreja punkris as stacy and jordan prentice as rock .
the nudity amount is very slightly increased , as is the grossness of the jokes , and i could guess it being rated one star out of five , but i like it .
adequate !
for me this is a story that starts with some funny jokes regarding franks fanatasies when he is travelling with a staircase and when he is sitting in business meetings ...
the problem is that when you have been watching this movie for an hour you will see the same fantasies / funny situations again and again and again .
it is to predictable .
it is more done as a tv story where you can go away and come back without missing anything .
i like felix herngren as frank
but that is not enough
even when it is a comedy it has to have more variations and some kind of message to it 's audience ....
this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen , as it 's absolutely god awful , john carradine has very limited screen time .
all the characters are boring , and the story is terrible , plus i could see the two twists at the end coming miles away ! .
the great setting and the creepy house definitely would have helped if it was n't so damn boring , and there is n't one character to root for either , plus i hope it makes it 's way to the bottom 100 , because it deserves to be there in my opinion .
when john carradine finally shows up at the end , it 's a pretty good scene
but it 's already way too late , and the only other screen time he had was in flashbacks , plus the only really gory scene in the movie is when a character gets his face messed up by bee 's , as it was rather gory .
i got this in a dvd horror set called back from the grave and everyone really overacts in my opinion , plus it 's lucky this was included in a set i bought
otherwise i would have chucked this out the window ! .
this is one of the most boring horror films i have ever seen , as it 's absolutely god awful , john carradine has very limited screen time , and i say avoid it like the plague !
, you do n't want to go through the torture .
the direction is absolutely terrible ! .
carl monson does an absolutely terrible !
job here , making every thing look cheap , wasting his potential on making creepy atmosphere and just keeping the film at an incredibly dull pace .
the acting is just as bad .
john carradine is good in his scene , but other then that he 's hardly in the film other then flashback scenes .
( carradine ruled ! ! ) .
merry anders overacts here terribly as laura , as she did n't convince me at all .
bethune is ok , and somewhat creepy , but also overacted , she did have a creepy smile at the end though .
rest of the cast , i did n't pay enough attention too , as i had a lot of trouble getting through it , but they were all really bad .
overall please avoid this , it 's not worth the agony ! .
bomb out of 5
saw this movie recently and had higher hopes .
not so much based upon the director , who had n't made a cinematographic release before , but more based upon its cast .
harvey keitel , scott glenn and craig wasson ( lead role in body double , a brian de palma masterpiece ) have all starred in great movies .
not together though , and this fact has n't exactly changed because of this one .
the film is unbelievable , very predictable and cliché .
the only thing that might make it slightly appealing is the selection of locations on which it 's been shot .
in my humble opinion : do n't waste your time on this one .
there are many different versions of this one floating around , so make sure you can locate one of the unrated copies , otherwise some gore and one scene of nudity might be missing .
some versions also omit most of the opening sequence and other bits here and there .
the cut i saw has the on - screen title witchcraft : evil encounters and was released by shriek show , who maintain the original us release title witchery for the dvd release .
it 's a nice - looking print and seems to have all of the footage , but has some cropping / aspect ratio issues .
in italy , it was released as la casa 4 ( witchcraft ) .
the first two la casa releases were actually the first two evil dead films ( retitled ) and the third la casa was another film by the same production company ( filmirage ) , which is best known here in america as ghosthouse .
to make matters even more confusing , witchery was also released elsewhere as ghosthouse 2 .
except in germany , where ghosthouse 2 is actually the ogre : demons 3 .
ok , i better just shut up now .
i 'm starting to confuse myself!regardless of the title
, this is a very hit - or - miss horror effort .
some of it is good , some of it is n't .
i actually was into this film for the first half or so , but toward the end it became a senseless mess .
a large , vacant hotel located on an island about 50 miles from boston is the setting , as various people get picked off one - by - one by a german- speaking witch ( hildegard knef ) .
photographer gary ( david hasselhoff ) , who wants to capture " witch light , " and his virginal writer girlfriend ( leslie cumming ) , who is studying witchcraft , are shacking up at the hotel without permission .
along comes real estate agent jerry ( rick farnsworth ) , who 's showing off the property to potential buyers
rose ( annie ross ) and freddie ( robert champagne ) brooks .
also tagging along are their children ; pregnant grown daughter jane ( linda blair ) and very young son tommy ( michael manchester ) , as well as oversexed architect linda sullivan ( catherine hickland - hasselhoff 's wife at the time ) .
once everyone is inside , their boat driver is killed ( hung ) and the boat disappears , so they find themselves trapped and basically at the mercy of the " lady in black .
what can you expect to find here ?
plenty of unpleasantries !
one of the characters has their lips sewn shut and is then hung upside down in the fireplace and accidentally slow - roasted by the rest of the cast .
there 's also a crucifixion , witches eating a dead baby , a swordfish through the head , someone set on fire , a possession , a sesame street tape recorder , the virgin getting raped by some demon , a guys veins bulging and exploding thanks to voodoo doll pokes and some other stuff .
from a technical standpoint , it 's a nice - looking film with pretty good cinematography , a decent score and good gore effects .
the hotel / island setting is also pretty nice .
blair ( particularly at the end ) and ross both seem like they 're having fun
and knef is great as the evil witch .
even though people like to ridicule hasselhoff these days , he 's not bad in his role , either .
on the down side , despite all the gore , the film seems somewhat dull
and it gets monotonous after about an hour .
the supernatural themes are muddled and confusing , too .
when characters are being swept into the witches lair to be tortured and killed , the filmmakers unwisely decided to superimpose the screaming actors over some silly looking red spiral vortex effect that looks supremely cheesy .
and the witch lair itself is vacant and cheaply designed with unfinished lumber .
and while most of the cast is at least decent , a few of the performances ( particularly the " actress " who plays hasselhoff 's girlfriend and the kid ) are so bad they 're constantly distracting .
please do n't waste your time .
this movie rehashes the worst of bram stoker 's dracula ( van helsing ) , anne rice 's vampire lestat ( rock music and silly biblical references ) , and blade ( high - tech toys ) .
i really like vampire movies and novels , and there are many out there that are very good .
but not this stinker .
not even the soundtrack helps it , mostly because the movie resorts to ridiculous scary classical music rather than the " kick - ass metal " some reported .
only a few times did i hear any metal ; mostly it was tortured violins .
avoid it like garlic and crucifixes .
as a kid i did think the weapon the murderer wielded was cool , however i was a kid
and so i was a bit dumb .
even as a dumb kid though the movies plot was stupid and a bit boring when the killer was not using his light knife to kill people .
what amazes me is that the movie has a really solid cast in it .
what script did they read when agreeing to be in this movie as it is most assuredly boring and only a means to show off a light saber on a very small scale .
the plot at times is incomprehensible and the end is totally chaotic .
the whole film seems to rotate around aliens and the one weapon .
the plot has two kids and some dude having an alien encounter , flash years later and there seems to be a return as it were in the mix .
dead animals and such to be explored and for some reason the one dude gets the weapon of the aliens and proceeds to use it to go on a very light killing spree .
seriously , you just have to wonder why this movie was made , if you are going to have a killer have some good death scenes , if you are going to have alien encounters show more than a weird light vortex thing , and if you are going to have light sabers then call yourself star wars .
" sleepwalkers " is the first film which stephen king has written a script for .
given this , and the excellent santo & johnny song that they used as the theme of the movie , you would be expecting a odd , and ultimately fulfilling viewing experience .
unfortunately , that 's not what you 'd be getting .
the thing is , they could have probably made it a good movie .
the beginning is intriguing what with it 's small town spooky atmosphere .
but something strange happens about 20 minutes into the film .
the film turns funny for no apparent reason !
from that moment on the whole atmosphere of " sleepwalkers " is ruined .
for those of you who have seen it , who can ever forget good old johnny screaming out " cop kabob ! ! "
after jabbing the pencil into that one cop 's ear ? ! ?
but do n't get me wrong , the humor has no redeemiing quality .
i just rented it again to see if mabye
i was wrong the first time around , given how original the plot sounded , but i was right .
man , what a waste .
i ca n't believe they got the rights to that santo & johnny song .
i gave this a 2 .
i was skeptical when i first saw the calvin kline - esque commercials , but thought i 'd give it a chance .
so i 've watched it , and all i can say is bleh .
this movie was so bad .
it 's rare that i hate a movie this much .
watching this flick reminded me of those funny scenes in altman 's " the player , " when the writers pitch their bizarre ideas to producers .
i 'd like to know which mtv producer decided that an hour and a half long music video adaptation of bronte ( but this time heathcliff 's name is heath
and he 's a rock star , and hindley 's name is hendrix )
would be a good idea .
even that might not have been so bad , had they not gotten every other aspect of the film so horrible wrong as well .
the direction must have been " you 're lonely , pout for me .
" i laughed out loud during all the " serious " scenes and was bored throughout the rest .
the camera work was jagged and repeatedly reminded me that i was watching a bad movie trying to be edgy .
my theory is that the sound guy got bored and went down to the beach for a few beers with his boom -- all i could hear in half the scenes were the waves .
and in the other scenes , i wish that 's all i could hear .
and speaking of sound , what they did to the sisters of mercy song " more " is absolutely inexcusable , then again , it 's inexcusable what they did to bronte .
on the bright side , there was one entertaining scene -- specifically the moment when johnny whitworth licked katherine heigl 's face -- and if you can tell me what that scene had to do with all the rest of the story more power to you .
kathryn bigelow and mark boal are already preparing a sequel about a young us corporal in afghanistan .
he also happens to be a highly - qualified surgeon and is roaming freely around kabul , operating on wounded nato soldiers .
on a particularly difficult mission , he casually picks up a sniper rifle and shoots osama bin laden from a distance of about 3000 yards .
he is then finally promoted to sergeant , but is unable to decide between a sniper and surgeon career , so he quits from the army altogether .
one year later , frustrated with civilian life , he joins the navy and the last scene shows him proudly wearing a white uniform .
first off , to give you some idea of my taste in movies ...
2007 comedies
i enjoyed :
superbad , knocked up , hot fuzz , blades of glory 2007
comedies
i hated :
evan almighty , the brothers solomon , good luck chucki should have followed my first instinct and turned off " hot rod " after i got to about the 20 minute mark .
i knew by that point that this movie would not make me laugh once .
the script is absolutely brutal - i have no idea how this monstrosity managed to crack 6 on imdb .
any one older than 10 years old who enjoyed this must be some kind of mental defective .
this does n't come close to anything with will farrell
and it 's clear that andy samberg ca n't carry anything longer than a 5 to 10 minute sketch on youtube or snl .
i do n't know how they roped ian mcshane and isla fisher into doing this movie ...
they must have owed favors or something .
i came in knowing that it would be a dumb movie , but i thought it would at least be funny .
i did n't so much as smirk .
i do n't normally comment on movies at imdb , but this was so awful , i just had to warn people .
this is only the 4th movie
i 've seen that i 've felt compelled to rate 1/10 .
the book is so good that at least the opening of this made - for - tv movie will move you , but then , as it diverges more and more from the book , taking out all the religion and love and mathematics and putting in cotton candy cliches , it becomes boring .
still , from comments i 've heard , people who have not read the book tend to like it , and if it leads even on child to read a wrinkle in time , it will have served its purpose .
the most embarrassing change is to make the happy medium a clone of mary poppins ' uncle albert ( i love to laugh ) .
nothing is quite so squirm inducing as characters on the screen laughing hilariously at things that are totally unfunny .
i can not for the life of me explain what the popularity of the children 's television show , power rangers is all about .
i never understood why unsuspecting children liked this show in the first place , since the characters seem so idiotic and not worth caring about whatsoever .
the costumes look completely atrocious , like multi colored spandex that people wear to go to the gym .
what exactly is the purpose of this show anyways , but for kids to learn how to fight to solve their problems ?
what is up with the awful hair cuts , and clothing on this show anyway ?
not to mention this show is still playing on cable television , just to make money to teach kids how to fight each other when they disagree on a certain problem .
there 's far better entertainment for today 's children , hopefully they are n't as gullible as kids of the 1990s who watched this show .
oh , and what is up with the homo erotic tension between the red and green rangers anyway ?
if you made the mistake of seeing the movie before reading the book , please do n't give up on the series .
i bought my first copy of any of the books in may of this year , and already i 'm almost finished with book 10 .
i dare say the movie is a piece of trash that does n't do the series even a sniff of justice .
while " left behind : the movie " only vaguely follows the story of the " left behind " ( the book ) , the characters are n't even close to accurate .
a few examples : rayford never acts on his feelings for hattie ( he is about to when he 's informed of the vanishings ) ; buck williams is a blonde haired , magazine writer , not a tv reporter ; chloe is at stanford , and a lot of the book details rayford wondering if she ' survived ' ; buck and chloe do n't meet until much later , at a meeting in new york , set up by hattie ; irene and raymie are never ' in the book , ' rather just in rayford 's flashback thoughts ; the roads are so jam packed with wrecks following the rapture that rayford and hattie have to helicopter back to the suburbs ... etc , etc , etc ...
and that 's just from the first movie ; they 're about to release the third .
please , even if you did n't like the movies , give the book series a chance .
is there a book titled " how to make a movie with every ' man vs. nature ' cliché imaginable " ?
if not , ants would make excellent source material for the chapter on killer insects .
ants does n't have one shred of originality to be found at any point of its 100 minute runtime .
i suppose the most surprising thing about ants is that they actually stretched the film to 100 minutes .
the set - up , the characters , the various sub - plots , the death scenes , and the way the ants are presented have been done before any number of times  and in most cases , much better .
it 's amazing that so many of these insects on a rampage films were made in the 70s because they 're all basically the same movie .
and can someone please tell me what in god 's name myrna loy is doing in this monkey - turd of a movie ?
a woman as talented and classy as loy deserved better than ants as one of her final movies .
frankly i 'm rather incensed that on the basis of the dazzling reviews attributed to steven smith i wasted nearly two hours on his debut offering .
have they all been written by his pals ?
the action clunks along , the music is irritating and over used , the script is simply dire and the actors ( with the exception of the gardener ) mediocre at best .
i do think we should support the efforts of a young filmmaker but saying it 's brilliant when it 's not will surely only encourage him to make the same mistakes again i.e. continuing to write his own scripts and using the same actors for another venture .
yes , it 's his first film , low budget etc .
- i get it , but it 's also out there for members of the public to purchase
and it 's just not up to scratch .
the only thing i remember about this movie are two things : first , as a twelve year old , even i thought it stunk .
second , it was so bad that when mad magazine did a parody of it , they quit after the first page , and wrote a disclaimer at the bottom of the page saying that they had completely disavowed it .
if you want to see great sophomoric comedies of this period , try animal house .
it 's so stupid and vulgar it lowers itself to high art .
another good selection would be caddyshack , the classic with the late rodney dangerfield and bill murray before he became annoyingly charming , with great lines like greens keeper carl spackler 's " correct me if i 'm wrong sandy , but if i kill all the golfers they 'll lock me up and throw away the key . "
we laughed our heads off .
this script is so incredible you either zap to cnn or go to sleep .
my dad was a sea captain for 30 years , he could not believe his eyes when he saw the movie .
during his experience as an officer he once claimed command over the ship , the captain drunk 3 bottles of whiskey
/ daily and ( sorry ) s**t on his desk .
of course this was not on a nuclear mission .
for instance , the fire in the kitchen , fire is the most important thing on any ship , nuclear or not .
to give a drill at that time is just hollywood script .
when a captain is put under arrest , he is under arrest , you take all his keys and open the safe where the guns are kept .
this is stored within minutes in a well guarded room .
he cannot escape , it 's just like in prison .
funny thing is , my dad also had a dog on board , however , we see how hackman let him pee in the control room .
this is not done , ever .
my dad cleaned all the mess the dog made wherever he was .
hackman and washington make the three stars this movie is credited for , all the rest is bulls**t .
when we do know that 23 people were still alive on the koersk , this film gets an extra dimension .
if you want to see a real thriller about a submarine rent : thas boat .
this film is so incredibly bad , that i almost felt sick watching it .
up until this point , the other installments had at least one good thing about it .
part 1 was suspenseful and gory .
part 2 was off beat and entertaining .
part 3 was interesting with great effects .
part 4 had great music , good special effects , and a new entertaining freddy krueger .
part 5 is more boring than anything i 've ever seen before .
alice , a much prettier blond , from part 4 is back with her boyfriend dan .
at parts , this supposed elm street installment turns into a daytime soap .
the newer characters seem harsh , and even that sweet alice has a chip on her shoulder .
freddy seems to be completely out of this one .
he looks tired , and does n't seem to be as gruesome .
his one - liners seem out of place and different , where as in part 4 they could be pretty funny .
leslie bohem 's story never gets off the ground and
stephen hopkins ' direction is so bad , that it makes my grandmother look good !
the whole plot of this movie is ridiculous and unrealistic .
it 's also confusing and pretty stupid .
avoid part 5 at all costs !
there have been some low moments in my life , when i have been bewildered and depressed .
sitting through rancid aluminium was one of these .
the warning signs were there .
no premiere ( even the stars did n't want to attend ) and no reviews in magazines .
the only reason i sat through the film was in the hope that i might catch up on some sleep .
nothing in the film was explained .
the narration was idiotic .
i cheered at one point when the lead of the film appeared to have been shot , then to my growing despair , it was revealed that he had n't really been shot dampening my joy .
i sincerely hope all involved in the film are hanged for this atrocity .
there were some positive aspects , mainly unintentional moments of humour .
for example , the scene in which the main character , for some unknown reason feels the need to relieve himself manually in a toilet cubicle , while telling the person in the next cubicle to put his fingers in his ears .
my words can not explain the anger i feel , so i shall conclude thus .
rancid aluminium : for sadists , wastrels , and regressives only who want to torture themselves .
this movie is hilarious , not in good way .
the fights are awfully bad done , while sometimes they will try to shock you by breaking some bones , and even this happens only two or three times , definitely not enough to call it a shockmovie .
a gunfight means a hero can walk into an open field with 10 people shooting at him with uzi 's , pick up a gun , start shooting back and not get hurt .
the story empty , guy waking up , lost his memory , starts fighting cos
that 's what he 's good at .
five years later memories come back , takes revenge blablabla .
not worth your buck , not really worth your time unless you 're drunk and bored .
someone mentioned editing .
this is edited badly and what started out as somewhat intriguing became an incomprehensible mess .
for starters , let us know what it is you are trying to do with these experiments .
why are these people the best choices for the type of experimenting they are involved in ?
and , what exactly are they testing ?
apparently there is some grand plan that some agency is going to exploit .
the acting is pretty bad .
everyone is emoting .
everyone is keeping secrets .
they frequently mention that if it were n't for the money , they 'd hang it up .
there 's a deranged minister who spouts scripture .
on and on .
but , again , the biggest hang up is the lack of laying out a playing field for the actors .
there are some really cheesy elements .
those little rooms and those chaise lounges .
the awful wallpaper ( was it wallpaper ? ) .
it was interesting , but did n't seem to go anywhere .
i liked batman : dead end .
a dark edgy film - noir setting for batman was perfect .
batman :
dead end is good .
this is not .
first of all let me start off with the acting .
none of it is really that good .
the best would probably be clark bartram as batman .
but that is n't saying much .
he is good at first glance , and then you realize he is what he is , a body - builder who happens to be a tolerable actor .
but mainly the problem is that batman does n't belong in the daylight , he looks like a freak running around in a bat suit .
instead of a horribly scarred man trying to make up for past mistakes .
the daylight also reveals an irritating dorky scowl on bartram 's face which never leaves and unoticeable in batman :
dead end , probably because of the darkness of short which is so desired in this trailer .
bartram seems to think that scowling and stubbornly shaking his head is acting , it 's not , it 's quite the opposite .
it 's called posing , something real actors avoid like the plague .
something i never understood why collora casted body - builders as the leads .
it makes much more sense to give the role to an actor who can manage it , instead of a bodybuilder who can kinda manage it
but hey
he looks so much like the comic !
of course , they might have done better if collora 's dialouge did n't leave much to be desired .
the entire trailer ( yes , trailer .
there will not be a full - length film ) is more centered around superman then batman .
but everything on the superman side is corny , cloying and amateur .
michael o'hearn ( superman ) is one of the worst actors i 've ever seen .
he stands around , smiles , says his lines .
that 's about it .
although i 'm not surprised since he is just a bodybuilder they hired and possibly received a few acting lessons .
once again i say to collora , cast actors .
not bodybuilders .
actors will be so much more compelling that we will forgive the fact they do n't look exactly like the comic book .
the costume is what you would expect superman to wear .
as for the batman suit .
well , i guess it only looks good in the dark .
i say this because in some shots the suit looks like something you would buy from a halloween gift shop .
superman flies in this movie .
but that is n't a good thing .
these shots look especially amateur .
this and a lot of the entire " film " looks like it was shot in their backyard with a vhs camera .
the best shots are a shot of superman catching a car in his hands .
and the final shot of two - face and batman at the very end .
for those of you who have seen the trailer .
you know what i 'm talking about .
now if only he could have stretched that shot through the entire trailer .
finally i ask .
why if you 're trying to show your ability as a director , would you make a trailer as a short film ?
this proves nothing when it comes to being an actual director handling story .
my only piece of advice for collora here is , there is a difference between the ability to tell a story and being able to work in marketing .
batman :
dead end did n't feel amateur .
i ca n't figure out where this went wrong .
... but a lousy film .
as maltin says this was christopher lee 's attempt to make a serious horror film .
well , it is serious ...
too serious !
the plot is silly and slow ( something about old people inhabiting the bodies of young children to achieve
immortality) ... the film is all talk talk talk talk talk talk talk about the same things over and over again .
i actually dozed off a few times !
the film is sooooo dull !
the cast sleepwalks through this with the sole exceptions of peter cushing and lee ...
but this was probably a labor of love for both ( they often complained about horror movies being too violent ...
well , this has no violence ! ) .
avoid at all costs ... unless you have insomnia ...
this will put you to sleep !
no , basically your watching something that does n't make sense .
to not spoil the film for people who actually want to this take a look at the flick i will explain the story .
a normal everyday to day women , is walking down a street then find 's herself driving by in her own car .
she follows her and many events take place during that time that include her and her family .
i specifically made an account to comment on this film , of how horribly written this was .
the acting was great , the events were great , but the story just brought it nowhere - it could of been added to tremendously and be made into a worldwide epidemic .
i 'm not sure what the writer was trying to accomplish by making this , usually at the end of films most of your questions get answers
but this film has you asking , what just happened and 1 hour 20 minutes just passed for nothing .
spoiler starts__they had this area between 2 dimensions ( ours and behind the glass ) that would come into our world and kill us .
it was not elaborated on all during the film , and you never know how it was happening or why it was or when it happened .
nothing gets explained during the film .
the main character should n't of even been the main character .
at the end of the film the guy who finally figures it all out and runs away ( her sisters boyfriend ) should of been the main character but sadly the movie ends 20 seconds after .
i bought this movie for $ 10 , threw it out right after ..
do n't waste your time .
i really hope nothing like this is made again .
as you may have gathered from the title , i wholeheartedly believe this movie to be the worst zombie movie of all time .
the acting , camera - work , writing , special effects and anything else remotely related to this movie sucked .
people have argued that while this movie is terribly - acted and terribly - produced but it comes through with a witty intelligent script .
the plot has more holes than i or anyone else could possibly count .
for starters , why would the government tell everyone to go back to work when it 's not safe ?
i know the government 's supposed to be evil
but they do n't gain anything by killing the entire population of the country .
there would n't be anyone to govern !
another thing that i was wondering about , even if the government told everyone to go to work , why would people go if the streets were swarming with zombies ?
were the zombies going to hide in the bushes and ambush the unsuspecting people in order to aid the government in their plot to kill everyone on the planet ?
and how about the ending ?
that stupid torch guy sacrifices his life in order to get a few close up shots of the zombies .
he probably forgot that every camera made in the last 35 years has a zoom feature .
and another thing , why does he say hindenburg before he dies .
the hindenburg was a rare event seen by a very few people .
the zombie menace will been seen by everyone in the country , possibly the world .
he does n't think anyone else will get a few snapshots ?
they also managed to ruin the only semi - interesting scene in the film when the soldier is watching the exotic dancer .
why did the zombie hide behind a curtain for five minutes before attacking the girl ?
especially when the zombie could have come through the door .
it 's probably just something an unintelligent zombie movie fan such as myself would n't understand .
every day i pray that god with increase my brain capacity long enough for me to figure out all the subtle nuances in feeding the masses .
anywho , i think it 's interesting that this is the first movie that gave me the desire to physically hurt the people involved in the production .
hey trent haaga , i 'm calling you out !
this movie was amazingly bad .
i do n't think i 've ever seen a movie where every attempt at humor failed as miserably .
let 's see ...
the acting was pathetic , the " special effects " where horrible , the plot non - existant ... that pretty much sums up this movie .
i rented this movie yesterday and can hardly express my disappointment in little laura ingalls for getting involved in something so poorly produced .
i am not sure if it was horrible writing or bad directing or both
but it leaves a viewer very disappointed in having wasted the time to watch this swill .
it consisted of a weak naive story line , very poor lines , and relied solely on pretty scenery , and pretty people to sell it .
unfortunately this was not enough .
you would be better off to rent a tape full of static than to waste your time on this crap .
lindsey wagner also played a pretty pathetic part as a ranch owner who apparently works very hard doing nothing , anybody who has ever been near a ranch knows that this was obviously written by a young person from los angeles and not someone with much knowledge of the world .
the script was very weak w/o enough character arcs to make you care one bit about the characters or what happens to them .
the script is way too talky and not enough gore or action to even call it slow paced .
the story gets to the point that you just want everyone to shut up and die as quickly as possible
so you do n't have to listen to them
talk this very muted , stiff dialogue .
on a technical note , the music mix is way to high and makes it hard to understand what is being said most times .
then again , this could be called a blessing .
overall , this same story could have better been told in a short film
w/ a running time under 30 minutes .
the obvious " in your face " homages to sam raimi and " evil dead " would have been good
had they been more subtle , but here they seem more like a bald faced rip off .
c'm on , this kind of 35 mm budget and this is the best that could be done ?
still , the cinematography , lighting design and shots were very well done indeed .
i saw this movie , and at times , i was unnerved believing this movie ' saw me . '
munchie sullies the ' farce ' for years to come .
re - watch star wars , don't - watch munchie .
as a responsible parent ( i 'm speaking to those who are parents now ) , i ( you ) would not let my ( your ) child ever partake of this video festival of the pseudo - occult .
to insinuate munchie is satanic , to a co - viewer , is likely to illicit a chilled ' duh . '
he is fiendish , alien , rodential , and wholly malevolent - like
the bogey man made flesh , invisible to adults , tempting children with lifestyles they could never afford ( without the income made possible by years of self denial and prudent stewardship ) .
he is a peddler of easy answers , and false ideals .
he is everything the morally conscious viewer is not .
he is the devil 's own ron popeil .
i pray ( i mean this literally and figuratively , with an emphasis on the former ) that this movie has not made the format jump to dvd .
it is my hope that this type of ' yellow film making ' died an un - mourned death in the cold nights of 1994.munchie also loves pizza .
i forgot to mention that .
it comes up a lot .
i bought a set of 4 dvds for 10 bucks at my local suncoast , which contained this movie and three other trashy horror flicks ( including its sequel " witchcraft xi " ) .
so basically i paid the rock bottom price of $ 2.50 for this movie , if you do the math .
i ca n't exactly say i was ripped off .
i have a thing for trashy horror movies , but this is the kind of trash that gives trash a bad name .
the budget could n't be over $ 1,000 ( though it appears as if they spent a total of $ 1.50 ) .
i know it 's a low - budget film , but that 's no excuse for totally uninspired camerawork .
the film " blood cult , " though not very good , was made for an extremely low budget and still had fairly good camerawork and acting .
the acting in this movie is the definition of " effortless , " especially from that muscular guy with the texas accent .
everyone is pretty much reading their lines off the page .
you can take that figuratively or literally .
i would n't be surprised if the script was off - camera as they were performing .
i said before that i 've never seen a bad english actor .
this movie has quite a few bad ones .
and though english movies are n't always good , they always seem to have at least a level of sophistication , which is why i do n't see why any englishman , or englishwoman , would volunteer to do a home - video - style schlock flick like this .
did merchant ivory put a hold on their casting calls ?
usually , i think people are too hard on directors and actors .
even some of the worst movies in hollywood have some level of professionalism in the directing , acting and cinematography departments .
even when you watch a movie like " glitter " you ca n't honestly say it looks like a third - grader shot those scenes ( though a third - grader could 've written the script ) .
i 've seen home movies that are shot better than " witchcraft x , " and that 's no exaggeration whatsoever .
even the gore is minimal since the filmmakers only had money to buy some fake blood on sale at party city .
not a single effort was put into making this movie -- let 's just sum it up like that .
you get the picture .
there 's a good deal of nudity , though that does n't save it .
however , i must say that girl with the red - orange hair , who 's either naked or wearing a cleavage - popping outfit throughout the film , is really hot !
my score : 1 ( out of 10 )
one of the most common entries in the ' goofs ' category is anachronism .
though i 'm beginning to believe that anachronism and other goofs are more acceptable , even ignored , in very good films , but are found front and center in rotten films .
kiss them for me is a rotten film and reeks of anachronism , yet when watching it closely , i found almost nothing specifically anachronistic .
the shots of aircraft which bookend the film are certainly out of place .
the big 4 engine transport seen after the title " honolulu 1944 " appears to be the post war c-97 stratofreighter ( in mats colors ) .
the combat planes seen taking off from the carrier at the end are douglas skyraiders which entered service after ww2 and were made famous by their service in vietnam .
but excepting these two pieces of film and , of course , the hairstyles , everything else is very possibly period authentic .
it just ' feels ' so wrong .
i 'm an admirer of stanley donen , we share the same birthday .
in his co directed on the town ( 1949 )
there is a car chase at the end with the police driving
1949/50 ford 's yet there is n't the slightest feeling that this is out of place in a ww2 period film .
in fact , as i reflected later , there is n't anything which says that this is supposed to be a ww2 period film .
it just feels that way .
based on a wartime broadway musical which was based on a ballet ( fancy free ) which may have been based on the work of artist paul cadmus ( the fleet 's in ! 1934 ) its a great film about sailors on a 24 hour pass in new york and , so heavy with wartime associations , its merely assumed it takes place during the war and yet these contemporary cars do nothing to break the spell .
the first problem is old cary grant .
though far too old to represent a navy sbd dive bomber pilot , it is a hollywood tradition for stars like grant , gary cooper ( lou gehrig ) , jimmy stewart ( charles lindbergh ) to play younger .
it was the role which he is miscast in , not his age .
he plays an operator , as they used to call them .
a guy who gets things done and breaks all the rules while doing it yet remains admired and loved for it .
a hustler .
a wheeler dealer .
a de rigueur character in a service comedy .
grant is the comic center of what is after all supposed to be a service comedy which is contra to his comedy style .
thinking back on the great grant comic performances like bringing up baby ( 1938 ) or arsenic and old lace ( 1944 )
and he is the great reactor whose comedy is to be reduced by his context from dignity to a befuddled puddle of inert jelly .
in kiss them he is expected to be the comic spark plug which just is n't him .
people had already been exposed to the type , most recently to comic phil silvers as sgt .
bilko on television .
the role would be perfected later by james garner but here grant just is n't funny and appears to be a bully getting his way by aggressively pushing his cary grantness rather than cajoling and finessing .
but the thing which really stinks the place up with anachronism is the lead women .
there can be no more echt 50s women than suzy parker and jayne mansfield .
they are unique to the decade .
marilyn monroe can be placed in a continuum with carole lombard and marie wilson and any number of dumb blonds , and grace kelly was another high class dame ( think of mary astor ) , but there never could have been an anatomically exaggerated woman in films like mansfield .
sure there were the ' sweater girls ' ( e.g. lana turner ) of ww2 , but mansfield was stretching the point .
suzy parker was the model who revolutionized the model business , who changed the mannequin like poses to become the first natural girl who moved and whose personality was captured by the camera ( see funny face ( 1957 ) also by stanley donen).of course in high 50s style , there seems to be a lot of gender mixing at ' wild ' parties but never even a hint of sex ( think of the 50s tv
shows bachelor father or the bob cummings show where dinner jacketed men returned from ' dates ' alone ) .
the original book , which i have n't read , was published during the war and appeared as a play on broadway at the end of the war and the nuances of the situation must have been inescapable for contemporary readers and audiences , but broken down , bowdlerized and reconstituted a dozen years later and fatally miscast , it remains a once forgotten stain on otherwise exemplary careers until the invention of the vcr and cable television resurrected this petrified turkey .
so the lesson here is whatever
the ' goof ' it will be ignored in a great film like citizen kane ( who actually hears
charles foster kane say ' rosebud ' ? ) , and tolerated in fun dreck like westworld ( why were the robots given live ammunition in the first place ? )
but absolutely despised in a rotten film , even if the goofs are really non existent .
i 'm a big fan of lucio fulci ; many of his giallo and splatter flicks are amongst my favourites of all time , but this made for tv movie is extremely sub par and
not what i 've come to expect from the great italian director .
the film is neither interesting , like some of fulci 's more tame giallo 's , or gory like the majority of his cult classics ; thus leaving it lacking in both major areas , and ultimately ensuring that the film is n't very good .
the film works from a plot that has been used many times previously , but still it 's an idea that always has the chance of springing an interesting story just because it focuses on the theme of the afterlife , which is the ultimate unknown .
this film focuses on giorgio mainardi ; a man that is n't exactly well liked and after he dies of an apparent stomach hemorrhage , there are n't many people that are sad to see him go .
this means that his ghost is trapped somewhere between life and the afterlife , and so he decides to try and get to the bottom of his death , and his only ally in this endeavour is his daughter .
the video that i saw this film on is proudly proclaimed that the film is " in the style of hp lovecraft " , and that 's one of the most blatant attempts to sell a film i 've ever seen .
there is nothing even slightly reminiscent of the great horror writer in this tale , and the reason for that tagline would appear to be because of title similarity to the stuart gordon / lovecraft film , ' from beyond ' - which is a lot better .
the film does benefit from a distinctly italian style , and the score is rather good .
unfortunately , however , fulci has seen fit to positively roast every scene in it - and so the theme quickly becomes annoying .
the plot plays out in a really boring way , and most of the scenes simply involve the ghost ' desperately ' trying to find things out , or the daughter placing her suspicions over her family members .
this movie was made for italian tv , and so it 's not surprising that it 's all rather tame .
there 's a little bit of gore and a nightmare sequence with zombies ; but this is n't the fulci we all know and love .
overall , this film is extremely mediocre and not a good representation of fulci 's talents .
not worth bothering with , unless you 're a fulci completist .
one star for the " plot " .
one star for the acting .
one star for the dubbing into squeaky - voiced american .
five stars for monica broeke and inge maria granzow , with their propensity for taking all their clothes off .
and ten out of ten for the divine emmanuelle béart , two years before she made ' manon des sources ' .
béart also undresses a couple of times , but even fully - clothed her presence is enough to make this film eminently watchable .
watch out for the scene where she tells her friend about the three " first times " for a girl .
it 's corny , but still far more erotic than the rather laughably choreographed " love scenes " featuring broeke , granzow and patrick bauchau .
incidentally , the cinematography is not great ; the stills for the closing credits are a better indication of what david hamilton is capable of .
if you have seen friends , the writing will feel very familiar .
especially the last 3 or 4 seasons of friends often share the same comedy setups .
the show is about a group of people whose connection is that they shared the same class when they were still rather young ( about 10 years old i think ) .
now , they 're in their mid - twenties , and they meet again on a class reunion .
this is where the series starts .
a typical episode deals with multiple story lines at once .
they 're usually not connected in any way .
each story line is cut up into multiple sections , which are then shown in a mixed order .
the sketches is where my problems lie with this series .
as in the later seasons of friends , it 's often a rather silly setting with hard to believe situations .
one of the main characters does something really stupid that 's hard to believe .
the situation is then heavily exaggerated , as if it was n't silly enough .
if you 're into this kind of in - your - face humor , then maybe you 'll like this series .
for me it is a great turn - off .
the reason i started watching friends is because of the first few seasons .
there are interesting and especially credible story lines , with some romance in it that makes you root for the characters .
the class has none of this .
the characters are simply too forced and stereotypes are pushed too far .
it 's therefore not possible to relate to them and like them .
at least with friends , it took several seasons before it ran out of steam and the character traits were all milked out .
but in the class , it seems it has run out of steam before it even started .
i watched this on the tube last night .
the actor 's involved first caught my attention .
the first scenes were attention getters .
some funny some sad .
good character development .
i felt that the latter third of the film diverged .
if it was not for the early part of the movie i would have stopped watching .
i kept watching wanting to how how it tied together .
unfortunately i feel that it never happened .
i especially did not like the extend period that several of the character were talking yiddish ( ? ) .
was that the other shoe?would i recommend ?
no , i think not .
as other reviewers mention much of the slang is dated ( 60 's jive ) but it was not too distracting .
the ending totally turned me off .
because it is , that 's why !
this is the same jealous - daughter - kills - people flick
we 've seen a billion times .
rosanna arquette makes anything worth watching , and mandy schaffer 's brief nude scene ( after teasing via scantily clad attire throughout the film ) at the end almost make this trite blarney worthwhile , but not quite .
* out of
* * * *
this one is just like the 6th movie .
the movie is really bad .
it offers nothing in the death department .
the one - liners are bad and are something that should n't be in a noes movie .
freddy comes off as a happy child in the whole movie .
lisa wilcox is still the only thing that makes this one worth while .
the characters are extremely underdeveloped .
all in all better than the 6th one , but still one the worst movies of the series .
my rating 2/10
the underground comedy movie , is possibly the worst train wrecks i 've ever seen .
luckily i did n't pay for this movie , and my friend reluctantly agreed to watch it again siting that it was so awful
but he needed to prove to me how awful it was .
i love off color comedy .
i figured at the least it would have that
and i would be entertained .
no , instead the acting was so awful , the " jokes " were extremely cheesy , and the plot was no where to be found .
maybe there was n't supposed to be a plot
so i ca n't hold that against this movie .
it 's pretty sad where the funniest thing in a comedy is an old woman having her head hit off by a bat ..... by batman ...
a man dressed in a baseball uniform wielding a bat .
hilarious .
simply genius .
i got the feeling watching this movie that its creators made it and laughed hysterically with their friends about it .
perhaps this was full of inside jokes we just did n't understand .
or perhaps it 's the worst piece of trash ever made and it should be locked away in a vault and dumped in the arctic ocean .
p.s. do n't buy this movie !
ok , honestly i do nt see why everybody thinks this is so great .
its really not .
there were two good things that came out of this movie 1 .
jack 's performance , he was very good
i can tip my hat for him .
danny 's performance , he was good .
no other
then that it got pretty stupid .
and , what was stanley kubrick thinking drafting shelly as the wendy ?
she was so bad .
she looked the same every time she got scared .
the problem with this movie was the ending .
i would have had more respect for it if kubrick would have ended it differently .
and , the over all movie was just stupid .
the problem with the movie is that the book was so much better .
so do nt see the movie read the book and you will be much better off .
3/10 .
i have seen over 1000 movies and this one stands out as one of the worst movies that i have ever seen .
it is a shame that they had to associate this garbage to the angels 1963 song " my boyfriend 's back .
" if you have to make a choice between watching this movie and painful dental work , i would suggest the dental work .
i got this as a turkey movie and was i not disappointed .
acting - overall even though many have been in other movies it is clear that they had to work hard to act this bad so constantly over this entire movie with out accidentally letting slip some degree of acting .
plot - being generous
i could say that the scriptwriter did originally start with a plot
but did his best to ignore it .
the plot broke down faster
then a chinese knock off computer scrip -
now that was an abomination of nature .
it failed to flow with any rhyme or reason .
the majority of the lines by the characters were at best pathetic to imbecilic .
the script worked hard to make sure that no character managed to get to be considered memorable .
i have watched other movies where the extras were more interesting and memorable .
special effects - rotflmao ! ! ! ! !
they were short bus special directing - until you can come up with your own directing ability
copy the style of your favorite directer
otherwise you will only make failures like this .
it is good to know that your friends / family have been giving you 10 stars for this movie
a decent sequel , but does not pack the punch of the original .
a murderous screenwriter(judd
nelson)assumes new identities in order to direct his own novel cabin by the lake .
still ruthless killing , but movie seems very tongue - in - cheek .
any humor is not of the funny kind .
total project seems to have the quality of a quickie and at times nelson is way over the top .
this movie is about a script being rewritten before going to the screen ...
this should have happened to this script .
they had an opportunity to make one of the best romantic tragedy mafia movies ever because they had the actors , the budget , and the story but the great director john huston was too preoccupied trying to mellow out this missed classic .
strenuously trying to find black humor as often as possible which diluted the movie very much .
and also they were so uncaring with details like sound and detailed action .
maybe it was the age of the director who passed away two years later .
i guess this movie is a fitting tribute to the first superman film , as it is just as crummy and painfully long as the original .
after an opening scene consisting solely of murky intergalactic visuals , the credits pay homage to the even - crummy - looking - for - their - time futuristic sweeping credits of the original superman film .
then there is some more murky stuff .
ma kent sees some kind of murky ruckus on the farm , and spends a good portion of my life slowly walking up to some debris in the cornfield .
then superman sneaks up on her and faints .
next we catch up with lex luthor in a scene about many murky close - ups of an old lady as she dies .
we do n't see luthor 's face until the end of the scene , an early instance of the film 's drive to leave no hackneyed stone unturned .
lex luthor is a guy who does n't like superman because he is not human .
also , he probably does n't like humans either , as the movie occasionally features some kind of plot about lex luthor planning to kill most of earth 's population .
after a while , clark kent shows up back at his old job ( i forgot to mention , he had been away on a five year trip where nothing happened ) .
then he finds out lois lane has an illegitimate kid and is dating cyclops .
it upsets him so much that he loses control of his super strength to such an extent that he accidentally breaks a picture frame .
at this point we see that miss lane is on some kind of jet attached to some kind of space shuttle .
it is some kind of important event on account of it is on television .
then we learn that there are people in a control room monitoring this event .
there are also people watching it on television and there are pilots in the cockpit .
the film then reminds us that these people are involved by cutting between them for most of the summer .
as the events leading up to the inevitable disaster started to build , i excused myself to get a soda .
i accidentally walked back into the wrong theater and watched that movie about al gore showing slides in its entirety .
i tried to find my way back to superman returns , but i somehow wandered into prairie home companion , which i watched twice in a row .
then it was time to stop messing around .
i walked back into the first theater , found my seat , and looked up to see that the impending lois lane space shuttle disaster was almost upon us .
still , it seemed to be taking forever , so i wandered around the theater , met a girl , got married , raised a son and sent him off to college .
while attending my son 's medical school graduation , i remembered that i should probably check in on superman returns , so i excused myself and raced back to the theater only to learn there was no need to hurry .
it still took about another half hour before things went wrong for space shuttle lane .
when they did , superman saved everybody , which was pretty cool ..
and then there is a a subplot where superman turns really creepy and starts stalking lois lane and her family with his x - ray vision and super - hearing .
then he tries to get her to cheat on cyclops , who seems like a good guy .
meanwhile , lex luthor is involved in some kind of contest to display every possible generic villain behavior before the end of the movie .
i forgot to bring my scorecard home with me
( they give you one at the door ) , but i think he scored damn close to one hundred percent .
i hope he wins the million dollars .
at this point , things start to gear up for the big murky finale .
i think maybe the projector was broken , on account of the movie seemed to be in some kind of loop for a while here .
i remember seeing murky things growing out of the water , superman getting sick , superman getting better , back to the murky things , he 's sick again ,
no wait , he 's okay again .
then lex luthor unleashed his final bad guy move : yelling at his girlfriend a little bit .
then superman died and came back to life .
i thought the movie was over , so i left .
ninety years later , the nursing home where i lived felt a little chilly .
i realized i left my sweatshirt back in the theater , and i went to retrieve it .
when i did , i was slightly surprised to find that superman returns was n't over yet .
i tried to ask some of the viewers what i missed , but most of them were only skeletons with long gray beards by now .
i sat back in my old seat and watched as lois lane puttered around her house for a while .
then superman showed up and started quoting the beginning of the movie , and since i already saw that part i thought it was okay to leave .
so that is my review of superman returns .
oh , also , if you like jokes about people eating dogs or jokes about one dog eating another dog , you will love this movie .
on account of there are two jokes like that in it .
the only way this is a family drama is if parents explain everything wrong with its message .
spoiler :
they feed a deer for a year and then kill it for eating their food after killing its mother and at first pontificating about taking responsibility for their actions .
they blame bears and deer for " misbehaving " by eating while they take no responsibility to use adequate locks and fences or even learn to shoot instead of twice maiming animals and letting them linger .
peter sellers plays dick scratcher ( ha , ha ) , a cook for a pirate ship who takes over as captain after he murders the previous one .
although he 's witnessed a treasure being buried , he begins losing his memory and the treasure map he obtains becomes blank .
thus , dick is forced to find someone who can see and communicate with ghosts ( do you place an ad for that ? ) and help lead a path to the treasure .
it 's mind boggling how anyone could have bankrolled this pointless film .
former goon spike milligan replaced medak as director , and given medak 's talents in the film the ruling class , you can probably guess which of the grainy , poorly lit scenes had milligan in the director 's chair .
peter boyle makes a brief appearance in the film 's first 10 minutes as the doomed pirate captain .
he 's probably quite thankful that young frankenstein was released the same year this was filmed and canned , so that he can keep this off his resume .
franciosa looks dashing as the handsome power - behind - scratcher but he and seller both look pretty desperate , with even sellers ' makeup and hair looking quite terrible .
they had to know this movie was bombing even as they were filming it .
with lines like these , i can understand any possible unease : pierre : ( about to be hanged )
you 'll pay for this .
scratcher :
no , i wo n't .
i 'll do it for free .
and that 's one of the good jokes .
it 's amazing to me that much of sellers prolific material is still in the vaults , but this was made available on vhs more than 15 years ago !
how about someone stepping up to the plate and releasing in the us the well - received british tv program " a show called fred " starring sellers , milligan , and directed by the great richard lester ?
i really looked forward to seeing nana after seeing renoir amazing debut work , whirlpool of fate .
i had read that nana was generally considered his best silent film
so i had high hopes .
sadly this felt like a huge step backwards .
catherine hessling is the main problem with this film .
her acting is over the top , even for a silent film .
her acting is more like what one would expect in a film from the early teens , not the late 20s .
she usually has the same face , which reminds me ( sorry to say ) of someone with constipation pains .
it was also very difficult to believe that any man would fall for this femme fatale .
there was nothing charming about her at all .
the film was also quite long drawn , the camera work was uninteresting ( aside from a shot of a horse race ) and the editing was dull .
the story reminded me of pabst 's pandora 's box .
it is interesting to compare the two because there are only 3 years between these films .
pandora 's box simply scores on every level where nana fails .
this film is only for renoir completists or very serious silent films buffs .
hey everyone ...
there really is n't much to say for this movie at all .
the basic plot is that a guy ( brandon ) takes a few friends on a trip to his cabin in the woods for a weekend holiday away from work .
after picking up a girl on the way there , things start going badly wrong for all of them .
the storyline alone ( written by the actor playing brandon , i believe , although i could be wrong here ) is unlikely and unconvincing , and is acted out accordingly .
the " clown killer " himself is a rather a sad excuse for a psychotic killer .
far from being a dark , mysterious but most of all , intelligent predator , we are instead offered a rather clumsy , nursery rhyme - singing buffoon who appears to be going through a minor mid life crisis .
the only thing that warranted the writing of this comment were the sex scenes and
whatever gore there was in the film ( the quality of the film led me to derive some enjoyment out of such things).in short , this film falls below every possible set standard .
admittedly , i was sharing a few beers with a close friend as i watched this , so we managed to scrape together some relative entertainment value out of this film and it is therefore only fair to mention that s.i.c.k did fall just shy of a two rating .
however , in reality , ( and with the benefit of hindsight ) the one star rating is a more than legitimate score for this film.1 star out of ten .
uh oh ! another gay film .
this time it 's showing the black side .
bet your last dollar
it 's gon na have an unhappy ending !
but why ?
with only less than a half dozen exceptions , all gay films have to end in death or an " addio " finale .
it 's like all the european film noir releases in the 40 's , 50 's , 60 's , and 70 's .
the lead ...
male or female must die or ride off alone into oblivion .
why in god 's name must writers , directors , and producers have the audience leave the theatre feeling depressed ?
after all , it 's supposed to be gay ... not glum .
maybe the category should be changed to a ' glum ' film .
a large percentage of gay relationships do last and the couples do ride off together into the sunset !
no matter who writes or produces , he only shows the down side of gay life and gives the incorrect impression of gay lifestyle .
this movie just proves my point .
if you rent the dvd , take an antidepressant , for here comes another ' gay ' film !
this is wrong !
shlock - merchant leo fulci takes a change of pace by making a trashy , barely coherent sword and sorcery fantasy movie instead of his usual trashy , barely coherent horror .
a wimpy orlando bloom type called ilias , from some society vaguely resembling ancient greece travels across the ocean to caveman territory on some vaguely defined quest to battle evil , where he joins up with a animal loving hunter to battle the wolf - man and mutant minions of a vampiric topless evil sorceress .
wackiness ensues .
the sorceress , is oppressing the local cavemen and wants the magic bow for herself .
she sends various minions , each weirder than the last , after our heroes who win through in the end , striking a blow for oppressed cavemen everywhere .
this movie contains a steady stream of wtf ?
elements and moments .
for some reason the entire movie is shot in soft focus and the picture is further blurred by the constant presence of mist on screen .
this may have been an attempt to create atmosphere or to hide how fake everything looks .
either way , it failed .
there is no atmosphere , unless it is one of scuzziness and mild bewilderment and there is no hiding how lame everything looks .
the wolf - man minions look like a poor man 's wookie .
for some reason the director fell in love with shots of them leaping through the air in slow motion , six million dollar man style , toward our heroes when they attack .
there are probably about a dozen of these shots throughout the movie and it gets goofier every time .
the other minions of the topless sorceress , other than the generic leather clad humans , are some lumpy white mutants who appear to be covered in cobwebs .
needless to say they are slow and unthreatening and when they speak sound like gay hispanic , lisping daleks .
the fights are stilted and unconvincing and the special effects are woeful .
oh yeah , the music is cheap synthesiser stuff
that the makers of doctor who would have been embarrassed to have used .
ilias , our nominal hero is bland and forgettable .
he also looks a complete wuss , especially with his midriff revealing leather outfit and big hair , and is clearly a moron .
sure , he 's a dynamite shot with his magical bow
but he only takes about three or four arrows with him in his mission to battle this entire continent of evil .
needless to say he runs out of arrows within a few minutes and has to be saved by more traditional sword and sorcery hero , mace .
when he meets ilias he establishes himself as the taciturn loner type , claiming he has no friends
but no sooner can you say latent homoerotic subtext
they are bosom buddies , traipsing the misty hills together .
mace promises to take ilias with him in return for bow related favours .
ilias asks where he is going .
" wherever my legs take me , " is his reply .
good enough for ilias .
mace is also animal lover and outrageous hypocrite .
he proclaims his great love of and affinity toward animals , citing the usual stuff about how he prefers them to humans because humans can be soooo mean .
he says he would never hunt and kill an animal to feed himself but he will steal meat off other people who have hunted down animals .
he is also not above randomly killing innocent passers by for no good reason .
not long after they meet , he is testing out ilias ' bow and the movie cuts to some random caveman , minding his own business , walking along and mace shoots him dead .
there is no indication this poor soul did anything to deserve this and even ilias , who supposedly hails from a more moral and civilised society does n't even raise an eyebrow .
the films villainess is quite unusual .
for the entire movie she is completely naked except from a g - string and a golden mask that encompasses her entire head .
it 's like fulci included her to make the movies obligatory t&a quotient but decided she was bit too much of a butterface at the last minute .
she spends a lot of time seemingly being pleasured by her pet snakes and dreaming about being shot by a faceless bow wielding man who is dressed like ilias .
wow , such symbolism !
later on in the movie she wimps out when she ca n't beat ilias and mace and promises to make herself the sex - slave of some ancient warrior dude if he kills them for her .
hardly the world 's most scary villain and not really a step forward for women 's rights .
i think he sic 's the cobweb creatures on our heroes and impersonates mace in a situation where there is no no - one else around but mace to fool .
was he really worthy trading your self respect for , ocron ?
there are quite a few other wtf ?
moments .
most of them come toward the end of the movie .
ilias wusses out
, i forget why , possibly his permed hairdo got mussed , but realizes the error of his ways and returns to aid mace in fighting the forces of evil .
all of a sudden , for no reason , his bow can suddenly fire out multiple target seeking bolts of energy .
the bolts can also shoot through solid rock when necessary .
needless to say his makes short work of the hordes of bad guys who have captured mace .
the climax is also rather nonsensical .
mace decimates ocron 's remaining forces using the bows targeted laser attack capability .
he then is able to shoot ocron from a kilometre away using its shoot through rock capacity .
she starts dying .
her mask is ripped of revealing a hideous muppet head .
she staggers around screaming and turns into a dog and wanders off with another dog .
mace smiles .
roll credits .
strangely enough as far as these dodgy low budget sword and sorcery movies this one is reasonably lucid and focused .
any one who has seen wizards of the lost kingdom can tell you how nonsensical and meandering these movies can truly be .
this review applies for the cut of the film that 's generally available as " fury of the wolfman " .
i understand there is an uncut version out there with additional footage , and i would hope that it contained at least eight or nine crucial scenes that seem to be missing from the cut known as " fury of the wolfman " .
in short , the movie makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
it is utter nonsense , and incomprehensible nonsense at that .
waldemar daninsky , that venerable lycanthropic antihero portrayed by paul naschy in a seemingly endless series of films , is apparently a normal guy who has just come back from a trip to tibet , where he was attacked by a yeti .
somehow this has turned him into a werewolf .
daninsky is a doctor , a scientist , and an instructor at what appears to be a college .
one of his female colleagues , ilona elmann , is involved in a vague form of hypnosis ...
"chematodes
" , a nonsense word used to refer to a bunch of wires attached to a victim 's head .
ellman feels this will enable her to " change the direction of the human brain " , naturally enabling her to rule the world , provided she can get us all attached to those wires with no trouble .
elmann is also into werewolves , because she kidnaps daninsky and takes him to her hidden laboratory .
she has a bunch of other people trapped there as well .
some of them look like gypsies , and are chained up , being in varying states of lucidity .
others are clearly hippies .
elmann feels that one day she may be able to " help them be human again " ( ? ) , but in the meantime she controls them with her chematodes .
waldemar becomes her hairy hit man , wandering around like a werewolf zombie -- that is until the filmmakers decide to use footage spliced in from another naschy werewolf film , " frankenstein 's bloody terror " ( do n't ask ) ,
at which point naschy 's werewolf makeup changes considerably and he lurches around like an animal .
is this making any sense ?
good .
that 's the film 's saving grace .
it does n't try and engage you on any kind of intellectual level , it just goes full speed ahead with whatever nonsense dialogue or cheap horror movie sets it can muster up . "
fury of the wolfman " may be the best halloween party movie ever .
you absolutely do not need to pay attention to it , and in fact if you do , you will be completely confused .
this is one of those movies you see in the video store that you just have to get because it just looks so horribly bad .
and indeed , we could n't take most of it .
there was a lot of fast - forwarding going on .
but then we came across a scene where robert englund seduces the female protagonist ( her name somehow slips my mind at this time ) .
cripes .
i 've never watched a single scene from a film so many times ( i 'm estimating forty or so ) .
and i 've never laughed so hard in my life .
you see , englund has this thing for showing off his loins .
i last saw the film a couple months ago , but i ca n't stop laughing as i type .
anyway , the scene is a montage of shots-- englund ripping off the lingerie of the girl , englund riding a horse naked , and some mysterious woman fellating a snake 's head .
this is absolute genius .
you 've got to see it for yourself .
yes , the southern star features a pretty forgettable title tune sung by that heavy set crooner matt monro .
it pretty much establishes the tone for this bloated and rather dull feature , stunningly miscast with george segal and ursula andress as an adventurous couple in search of a large diamond .
add in harry andrews ( with a strange accent , no less ) chasing an ostrich , tons of stock footage of wildlife , and poorly composed and dull photography by raoul coutard , and you end up with a thoroughly unexciting romp through the jungles of senegal .
i just watched this movie last night , and i had to put a warning out for anybody else considering to see this film .
in a word - do n't .
i seriously feel like this is something that a screenwriting student would have written in a quentin tarantino / eddie murphy phase , i.e. every other word was a curse word .
i do n't have a problem with profuse cursing , as in " good will hunting " , provided it helps to delve more into the characters .
in this case it was just hollow banter with the attempt to draw an occassional * gasp * or laughter from the audience .
the three lead characters are all their own unique stereotype , the wall street jerk , the coffee house jerk , and the " i'm - not - gay - just - in - touch - with - my - feminine - side " slightly - less - of - a - jerk .
you just do n't give a damn about any of them !
they are all shallow , unredemable losers who you want to see lose .
for those who dare , this film does have a couple funny moments , the very beginning , and the very end .
the toilet / vibrator scene is funny in a sick kinda "
uh , yeah " way .
really though , i would only recommend this film to my worst of enemies .
i hated this movie .
it was absolutely horrible , poor , poor ,
pitiful acting , real real real stupid criminals that were n't even the least bit
funny(unlike the first 2 home alone movies that were very good ) .
all the boobie traps are weak , pathetic excuses for ideas poorly copied of of the first two which just meant that the people writing this movie were just lazy because their paycheck did n't go above 20 bucks a week .
this movie is absolutely lousy , it 's not worth even renting .
in fact do n't even watch it on t.v . !
go use your eyes in a more useful way by seeing the first two !
i barely give this 1 star(out of 10 ) .
just trust me when i say , if you liked the first two , and you are not a complete stupid person , you will not like this movie , do not watch this movie ! ! !
with the runaway success of " god 's army " , every mormon with a camera seems to be trying to make a movie now .
in the case of the recent " the other side of heaven " , this was n't at all a bad thing .
that film , while not great , was quite good .
the singles ward " , however , is not .
telling the story of a young , divorced mormon guy thrust back into single life , the writing and shooting style of " the singles ward " is , in many ways , very similar to the 80s comedy " ferris bueller 's day off " .
however , the similarities end there .
while " ferris bueller " was funny , original , and well - acted ( as far as stupid comedies like this ever are ) , " the singles ward " is completely the opposite .
it tries very hard to be funny .
however , 90 % of the gags either fall flat or are cliches and jokes you 've probably heard a million times before .
the other 10 % seem to be thrown in to fill out the time .
and the acting , while not awful , is amaturish at best .
in addition , if you 're not either a mormon yourself , or very , very familiar with mormon culture , you wo n't get hardly anything at all .
whereas " god 's army " and " the other side of heaven " were appealing to a broad range of viewers , both inside and outside of the mormon church , this film is most definitely one big inside joke , and even if you get it , it 's just not that funny .
another wonderful patterson book made into an incredibly awful movie .
if the big budget movies do n't work then why make a low budget made for t.v . movie that 's 10 times worse !
i am desperate for a good movie that will do one of his books justice !
if you are wondering where many of the conspiracy theories and paranoid ideas about the the un , israel , and international affairs come from , look no further .
this is n't a supernatural hollywood film loosely based on some biblical passage .
instead , this movie was made by a company ( cloud ten pictures ) with a political and religious agenda .
as a movie , the end result at times more looks like clips out of a televangelism program ( complete with family prayers and light breaking through church windows while harps are playing).for mainstream viewers , it may be hard to believe , but many people believe in this stuff literally , as presented in the movie .
and that , perhaps , makes the movie important .
you probably wo n't find a more concise exposition of the bizarre views of a significant number of your fellow citizens .
so , if you view it , view it as a social / cultural document .
if you are at all media savvy , you do n't need to be warned about the unsubtle attempts at propaganda and manipulation in the movie .
this film is pure ' hollywood hokum ' .
it is based upon a novel called ' not too narrow  
not too deep ' by richard sale , which may or may not have been interesting ; it would take research to find out !
the story in the film takes for granted many incidents and much background which obviously existed in the novel but are nowhere to be seen in the film , so either the film was savagely cut or the screenplay was a mess from the start .
there is not one millisecond in this film which is remotely realistic , either in terms of events or characters .
it is pure hollywood fantasy in every respect .
two well - known actors , paul lukas and peter lorre , are so under - used and wasted that there was no point in their being in the film at all .
they must have been thrown into the mix in the manner in which one adds a sprinkling of chopped chives to an omelette , hoping that the flavour will be enhanced .
the film is a ponderous attempt at producing a ' morality tale ' , and is so corny that it is laughable .
the story concerns some hardened criminals imprisoned in french guiana who want to escape from their french colonial prison through a jungle ( very much a hollywood set jungle , with a rubber snake ) .
naturally there has to be a woman in the story , so joan crawford hams it up as a down - on - her - luck tramp who for some reason becomes irresistible to clark gable , one of the escaped criminals .
crawford in escaping through the jungle wears high - heeled shoes and keeps her makeup fresh .
gable flirts and grimaces and makes mawkish expressions , crinkling his brow as was his wo nt , smirking and looking suggestively at everybody , which was his manner of acting .
it is hard to treat such a character as a hardened criminal when he is always trying so hard to be clark gable that surely he has n't any time left to be a thief .
( attention - seekers are by definition too busy to steal and unsuited to a task which requires that people not see them . )
the whole escapade is so ridiculous that it can only be regarded as light entertainment .
an attempt at religiosity and ' depth ' is made by injecting into the story a mysterious ' angel of mercy ' who voluntarily walks into the prison and pretends to be an inmate .
he helps in the escape and accompanies all the criminals and ministers to their various deaths , helping them to find ' peace ' in their last gasps .
this character is played very well by ian hunter , who retains throughout a convincing air of secret knowledge , smiles enigmatically , makes cryptic prophetic remarks , and has a small spot trained on his face to give him a heavenly glow .
the theme is meant to be redemption .
you might call it the donald duck version of ' hollywood goes moral and gets heavy ' .
for real depth , hitchcock 's ' i confess ' of 1953 shows how it should really be done .
by contrast , this piece of trivial nonsense shows just how bare the cupboards of meaning were in tinsel town , and that when they went rummaging for something that might mean something , all they could come up with was , you guessed it , more tinsel .
just saw this at the chicago film festival - avoid it at all costs unless you have sleep problems .
it is a film filled with pretensions - it opens with a minor quote from " hiroshima mon amour " and it 's all downhill from there .
camera work - imagine a child trying to imitate wong kar wai .
story line - smokey robinson and the miracles ' "
the love i saw in you was just a mirage " expanded from 3 minutes to over 2 hours but filled with repetition .
for butt numbing pain this film ranks with the benches at the methodist church my parent dragged me to when i was a kid .
i want 2 + hours of my life refunded .
julian hernandez 's promoter prefaced the viewing with comment that the film was " controversial " - that is true only for the film 's narcotic effect .
many people here say that this show is for kids only .
hm , when i was a kid ( approximately 7 - 9 years old )
i watched this show first .
it was disgusting for me .
i talked with other kids about this and ,
sure , other shows and know what ?
this was the measure of disguise , whenever we wanted to emphasize something 's silliness ( either on tv or anything else ) we said " uh , just like power rangers " and laughed .
and before visiting this site i could not imagine that there actually are fans of mmpr .
it was so strange for me that i decided to watch it again and try to understand why people like it .
i did not enjoy that viewing .
but it dawned upon me : maybe i have not enough imagination ?
it may be .
however this argument is not sufficient for me to rate it more than 1 star .
the movie deserves 2/10 .
1.5 stars for the girl , ( i 'm sorry
i 'm biased , i think pretty girl is the only highlight of the movies ) , and 0.5 for the fact that it is shorter than azumi 1 .
i watched azumi 1 and 2 in 1 seating .
i amazed myself being able to sit through it .
lets talk about the plus points of the movie .
the girl .
ueto aya is cute .
that s all there is to salvage the whole movie .
the fact is , if the main character was male , i am sure that most people ( including me ) would not have touched the movie at all .
now lets talk about the minus points .
firstly , it is real draggy , with lots and lots of repeated scenes .
scenes of nachi and azumi keeps coming back .
it seems more like a drama way of shooting .
typical japanese dramas love flashbacks , and this movie too .
secondly , the movie is too unrealistic in a historical setting .
i do not mind unrealistic movies .
but this movie is like a poor way of showing creativeness , by throwing in ninjas that act like bears and spider webs , etc ...
it reminds me of shinobi , though shinobi is a movie with a fantasy setting .
moreover , to portray " i - don't - know "
what effect , the director films people dying with blood spraying ( literally ) all around ...
people not realizing their head was cut off ... etc .. etc ...
etc ...
too many of these spoils the show .
it seems like the anime influence is strong in this movie .
it degrades the show greatly .
thirdly , is n't azumi supposed to be an assassin .
she seems more like an one - man - army to me , just that she is a female .
i do n't think you see assassins charging into army camps .
the only time i felt she acted
" assassin - liked " was when she killed the kiyomasa kato at the end of azumi 1 .
lastly , the plot was thin in both movies .
its a linear plot with no development and surprises in any way .
do n't waste 90 minutes of your time on " fast food , fast women .
" it 's annoyingly episodic script with three story lines patched together is laughably bad due to predictable writing , horrific acting , and even bad music .
i found the anorexic main character upsetting to watch every time she was on screen .
she needs the fast food .
spend the 90 minutes you 'd devote to this turkey doing something more exciting ... like trimming your toenails .
you 'd have more entertainment value .
the only redeeming thing about this film is louise lasser , but she deserves much better than this tired script .
it 's as impotent as the elder guy she courts in the movie .
viewer beware !
this is a re - imagining of tarzan in the era of the soloflex and apocalypse now .
there 's nothing inherently wrong with using films eased moral constraints to portray an erotic side to the tarzan legend .
there 's nothing inherently wrong with the premise that tarzan does n't speak .
there 's plenty wrong with suggesting a woman who could get herself to an african jungle in 1910 , could be this offensively stupid and plastic .
bo has as few lines as possible when bodies are explored because this movie is merely a video - centerfold , as neutral as possible so that you can project yourself and your lecherous fantasies into the project .
if it succeeds anywhere it 's in the implication that national geographic has influenced the way the imagery of a tarzan movie might be constructed .
it would be ridiculous to argue that movies should n't employ the sexual tease as one of many tools to draw in viewers .
some really great film moments incorporate it .
but this move is at the opposite end of the spectrum - the tease is the only thing going on here ; at the time of its release and now .
you sit through awful , dumb scenes that offer no interest , and miles of footage of bad acting to drool over the next peek at either of two bodies .
yes ...
bo derek and miles o'keeffe are beautiful ( um , congratulations on having a working libido . )
but if that 's your excuse for giving this schlock a good rating you really should visit a porn store and stock up .
there 's only a hairs - breadth difference between the two formats and ( i 'm just guessing here )
a horny viewer would probably really enjoy the latter .
the question is whether a mainstream movie is the best venue in the marketplace for viewers to seek out products that satisfy lust alone .
as a showman , john derek successfully capitalized on the sexual mystique developed over wife bo in the movie " 10 " ; and created a media event out of a shallow project whose only merit was the hotness of the two leads .
the movie itself was beside the point .
he was about 20 years ahead of his time in thinking audiences would applaud him for making an insipid , shallow movie that was only about showcasing superficiality .
as a director , john derek appears to require only that mrs. derek look pleasant , empty and hump - able in every scene .
it 's hideously shot .
the camera placement is annoying .
in terms of editing , the entire ' wipe ' catalog is exhausted .
the credit sequence is garish .
and it 's a toss - up as to who commits the worse screen offense ; bo derek who 's such a bimbo that she ca n't even figure out how to play a bimbo , or richard harris who shouts every line
( as he likes to do ) until you want to shoot him .
at least with bo you can imagine her blaming some horny writer for shortchanging her .
with this film , bunuel manipulates the viewer with all of film 's might while stating clearly in the film that his work is one of ' objectivity ' .
obviously , it is not .
for one reason , many scenes ' shot by pure chance ' are obvious set - ups ( when that poor goat ' accidently ' falls off the cliff , you can actually see the gun smoke on the right of the screen ! ) .
for another , his concealing of one important information : the hurdes people were the way they were for a specific reason which is just hinted at in the film .
that is , goitre , a sickness caused by lack of iodine ( salt ) .
this goitre is the cause of their cretinism and had bunuel only took the time to make his research ( heck , if he checked ' cretinism ' in a medical dictionary he 'd have found ' goitre ' )
he might have ended up telling the truth about these people ( still , doubtfully ) .
instead , with his film , he judges them constantly , talking about them as ' cretins ' , again and again , dramatizing the action ,
setting - up scenes to create the spectacle , all of this very unacceptable for a documentarist which claims to work for an all - mighty objectivity .
bunuel talks all the time in this film , not letting one word to the people he is filming .
he talks for them and , even then , judges them .
this piece is flawed to it 's roots , to it 's ideology
and it 's a real shame it 's considered a great film .
and this movie has crossed it .
i have never seen such a terrible movie in my life !
i mean , a kid 's head getting cut off from the force of an empty sled ?
a snowman with a costume that has the seams clearly visible ?
this was a pitiful excuse for a movie .
after watching this film , i was left with a two very annoyances about this film : why did they make chen 's character this " mcguyver hit - man " and lee 's character such an incompetent idiot ?
chen 's character 's background is that he was raised in an underground cambodian orphanage for blood thirsty fighter where they learn to brawl it out to the death like wild " dogs .
this detail is pushed early on during a scene where he gets into a cab and as it starts to drive , he shows how he is unfamiliar with a seat belt .
soon after this scene , he has a similar situation at a dim sum restaurant .
not only is he uneducated , he is starving .
this is not a reference to chen 's scrawny physique but to the two early scenes in the film where he is scarfing down food , one of which , being rice porridge off the floor of the lower deck on an old ship .
si in the first ten minutes of the film , it is established that chen is malnutrition - ed , unmodernized , and has only thing going for him , his " dog " brawling fighting style of some sort .
despite this situation , chen manages to out - shoot every policeman ( even managing to ricochet a bullet off a metal pipe to hit a guy in a head , whom was holding chen 's girlfriend hostage ) and has somehow attained a super human strength ( swings a 50 lb block of concrete , plastered on the end of a metal pipe , to the head of the police chief as he is getting shot in the chest , by said chief).now lee 's character ...
, i get it
, he 's depressed , he 's got some baggage , but wow , can he do anything right ?
one moment , they try to make him cool , composed and ready to take care of business , and the next moment , he just got beat again .
first scene he runs into chen , and he manages to misses him , from approx 15 ft , multiple times .
toward the end of that scene , lee watches chen as his close friend and coworker gets slowly stabbed in the neck with a long knife for a good full 5 seconds , while holding a gun to chen face , at a 10 ft distance .
even at the end of the movie , lee manages to get stabbed to death and fails once again .
and my biggest problem with this movie is that it is presented in a manner that film makers are trying to get the audience to sympathize with chen 's character and that he is just " killing to survive .
" that would be a lot easier if i did n't just watch chen kill innocent people throughout the whole awful movie .
of the numerous people he killed , only two people had the intention of trying to kill him , the police chief and lee .
others were just people who were eating , boat owners , taxi drivers , and policemen trying to arrest him , not kill .
overall , chen 's character is a just a cold blooded killer who kills for what he wants , even if its just a free ride .
( did i mention he is carrying a wad of hundred dollar bills throughout most of the film ? )
my 3 stars go to some of the interesting director / camera work who got in some nice shots .
bottomline :
one made for the nut - hugging chen fans .
for me , " dog bite this dvd "
worst movie ever made ! ! !
please see the real movie reviews from the pros on this movie .
check rotten tomatoes on the web for some good independent reviews on this film .
the comments made on this site are apparently from folks with some financial interest in this film .
i find the positive comments very misleading .
i find it amazing how the negative comments are so bad against this movie and the positive comments sound like an academy awards speech .
do n't waste your hard earned money ! ! !
this film is retarded ! !
i ca n't believe a film like this would ever be made .
why would hollywood waste their time on such junk ?
this film is an attempt at nothing .
i ask myself what looser would actually sink their money producing such trash .
i went to blockbuster and the attendant even told us not to waste our time or money .
i did n't listen and i did waste my time and cash .
please do n't make the same mistake !
it really is the " worst movie ever made ! "
when i was kid back in the 1970s
a local theatre had children 's matinees every saturday and sunday afternoon ( anybody remember those ? ) .
they showed this thing one year around christmas time .
me and some friends went to see it .
i expected a cool santa claus movie .
what i got was a terribly dubbed ( you can tell ) and truly creepy movie .
something about santa claus and merlin the magician ( do n't ask me what those two are doing in the same movie ) fighting satan ( some joker in a silly devil costume complete with horns ! ) .
the images had me cringing in my seat .
i always found santa spooky to begin with so that did n't help .
the guy in the satan suit did n't help .
but what really horrified me were the wooden rein deers that pulled santa 's sled .
when he wound them up and the creepy sound they made and the movements -- i remember having nightmares about those things !
all these years later i still remember walking out of that theatre more than a little disturbed by what i saw .
my friends were sort of frightened by it too .
i just saw an ad for it on tv and
all those nightmares came roaring back .
this is a creepy , disturbing little christmas film that will probably scare the pants off any little kid who sees it .
avoid this one -- unless you really want to punish your kids .
this gets a 1 .
until now , the worst movie i had ever seen was ben & arthur .
you really should check the reviews for that movie instead of this one .
the review statistics for this movie have been skewed positive through a relentless and unscrupulous push by some of the people involved in making it , evidence for which is fairly easy to uncover online .
at least the people who made ben & arthur were honorable enough to let it stand on its own shaky legs , instead of unscrupulously promoting it so suckers like me would buy it .
everything about this movie is terrible , the script , the story , the casting , the acting , the direction , the photography , the editing , the music ... what else goes into a movie ?
whatever it is , here it 's as bad as it gets .
if it were n't so unpleasant it would be ridiculous .
i kept watching it thinking it must get better , because i had n't yet discovered that none of the positive reviews for it are reliable .
it does not take a lot of money to make a great movie , nor does a low budget mean a movie has to be bad .
my favorite example of a shoestring - budget masterpiece is gus van sant 's amazing mala noche , but there are many others .
sideline secretsdirector 's cut or originalis bad not because the people who made it had no money , but because they had gigantic egos and no talent for anything at all except self - promotion .
so this guy named george is sitting home alone on his birthday when two women show up .
george 's wife is at a hospital taking care of their son so when the wife is away george gets in the bubble bath and makes love to both of the girls .
it is n't that great of a scene because it really does n't show anything .
after that the birthday boy wakes up the next morning and the girls are still at his house .
they make him a nice breakfast but george is n't hungry .
george is n't very happy and he tries to ditch them but when he gets home the girls are still at his house .
the girls have had enough with old george and no longer want to cook for them .
they both turn out to be major psychopaths and use george in their little crazy game .
i liked that the girls just did what they wanted and messed up george 's house .
george was n't really that great to his two guests .
when george said he was a married man , he really did n't seem to mean it .
george looked like tom tucker on family guy .
i was for the two girls the whole time .
it was interesting to see how accurate the writing was on the geek buzz words , yet very naive on the corporate world .
the justice department would catch more of the big corp giants if they did such naive things to win .
the real corporate world is much more subtle and interesting , yet every bit as sinister .
i seriously doubt any corp would actually kill someone directly ; even the mod is more indirect these days .
in the real world , they do kill people with nicotine , pollution , additives , poisons , etc .
this movie must have been developed by some garage geeks , i think , and the studios did n't know the difference .
they just wanted something to capitalize on the microsoft antitrust case in the news .
i 've said this in other reviews , without a story , you can give the audience all the smoke and mirrors you want , still no one will give a damn .
the director seems to have a great eye for 30s art deco ( which i love ) , and i think the idea of using all digital backgrounds and such could indeed be the wave of the future in movie making .
however , it 's obvious the director got so interested in the digital rendering of his movie , he forgot to film many scenes which would have enormously helped this surprisingly thinned - plotted film .
( spoiler )
for crying out loud , they forgot to have a villain in this thing !
ok they have one , but he 's been dead for 20 years by the time the movie takes place .
conran misses the point of having a villain .
as far as action goes , well let 's see , sky captain ( law ) shoots down one robot , two or three of the flapping wing airplanes ( before dex ( ribisi ) tells him to stop shooting them down ! ! ! ) , and a couple robots , but mostly spends his time looking dashing and getting others to fight his battles for him .
paltrow as polly or peggy or punky or
whatever is totally wasted in this movie ( the reviewer who comments on hers and law 's lack of chemistry is so right ) and i for one got a little sick of seeing repeated shots of the top of her camera , showing she only has two shots left , both of which she wastes subsequently in the movie , one uncomically , one quite funny , although i saw it coming from 70 years away .
no one except law and paltrow have any significant time on screen , and that 's the movie 's real flaw .
an audience does n't identify with robots , they need a hero to root for , and a visible , despicable villain to hate .
without that , plus a good engaging story , all the cg in the world wo n't help .
this movie is a very poor attempt to make money using a classical theme .
i used to love superman movies , but this one made me want to shoot myself .
very poor acting , outrageous special effects , and a plot equal to zero .
to summarize : superman leaves earth , because scientists discovered pieces of his home planet , some were in space ( duh ) , does n't tell his girlfriend anything before leaving ( duh again ) , takes off in a spaceship ( ? ! ? ) , comes back
i think 5 years later , and look forward to hooking up with his girlfriend again ( who is now razing his son , which son , in my humble opinion is at least 7 years old ) .
and what about that lex luthor ?
trying to grow a new continent in order to sell land ?
please ! !
i vote 1 out of 10 for this movie , only because i am not allowed to vote 0 .
if you have anything else to do with your time , do n't go to see this movie , and even if you do n't have anything else to do , stay home and watch tv !
i did n't really know what this movie was about when i went to the theater to see it ( hype about the satanism etc etc etc ) as the trailers in the last movie i saw looked pretty interesting .
oh dear , roman catholic mythology ?
not my idea of a good scare and honestly
, i just felt like watching a really good , scary movie , not some loosely plotted religious farce that tries to score cheap thrills by having some chick getting bloody every few minutes!i'll try to keep away from the spoilers ( ! )
but i found it very odd that an atheist , who gets a string of rosary beads from a deceased priest , could suddenly end up with christ 's wounds ( are n't stigmata supposed to be deeply religious ? ? )
i mean , she hangs out with losers , does loser stuff , behaves like a typical rebel et al , and here she is displaying the wounds of jesus christ ? ?
come on!scenes of her crucified , head thrown back , screaming , blood everywhere , became rather tedious after seeing it a dozen times .
it was neither frightening or scary , just repulsive .
it did , however , become quite painful to watch - those flicking scenes were highly annoying ...
conclusion :
if your a catholic , defintly do n't see this .
if you 're not , still do n't see it .
i understand wanting to make a movie that is edgy and different .
i understand the previous reviewer comments that this is a miss - understood movie .
my point is as soon as this movie ended my first comment was : "
this is what happens when a rich princess wants to be a movie star and has no talent" .....
she uses daddy 's ' money to make a movie she wrote , directs , and pays for ..... obviously to close to the movie to realize there was no character development and no directions such as a beginning , middle and ending .....
the voyeur part was good and edgy
but what was the point ?
i saw a women go to a house , find some pictures , screw the caretaker , come out side on a very cold night ( not believable ) to check on noise and runs over her caretaker lover ....
movie ends ......
some one educate my ignorant arss ? ?
i really want to know what the point is ....
what was the directors ' vision .....
why no development of the dead lover ?
why no background on the caretaker ?
what is the point of the night vision ?
what is the point of the lipstick on the car ?
why a dead caretaker ?
why tell us about an escaped mental patient / peeping tom ?
what 's with the urn ?
oh and the lamp is that suppose to signify whose ' house this is ?
territorial ?
why would the caretaker feel like it 's his house ?
that aspect was never pursued ......
as for william defoe ...
i rented this movie because he was in it and known for edgy characters ..... write back and do tell me what i need to learn ....
i am just a mom in middle america who loves movies ....
chris ....
please avoid this movie at all costs .
this is without a doubt , the worst movie i 've ever seen .
most movies have at least one redeeming value .
this has none .
totally horrible !
this is exactly the type of film that frustrates me the most .
great cast , great director , great story potential , then they ruin it all with a screenplay that goes nowhere ... and says nothing while going there !
there is no depth here whatsoever .
no depth of characters , no depth of plot , no depth of surprise , suspense , or common sense .
we know what 's happening , we are told how they plan to fix the problem , they fix the problem , throw a surprise at us near the end that fails to generate any suspense , then they end the film abruptly .
wasted opportunity .
on the plus side , glenn ford leads a cast of uk ( and one french ) actors who are all fantastic , doing an incredibly impressive job with the one - dimensional writing they were given .
one of the absolute favorites is herbert walton as " old charlie " , who provides some wonderful bits of humor and warmth to a dark and serious film .
i also thought the film had a great look to it ...
all shadows and fog ... very film noir in feel .
even though the actors do the best they can and the directing is enjoyable , it still just is n't enough for me to recommend spending the time to view the film .
there are far better glenn ford movies out there :
the big heat , gilda , affair in trinidad , etc .
the " saucy " misadventures of four au pairs who arrive in london on the same day in the early 1970s .
there 's a swedish girl , a danish , a german and a chinese .
the story contrives to get the clothes off all of them , involve them in some carry on - type humour and couple them with various misfits from the british film and tv culture of the time , including man about the house star richard o'sullivan , future coronation street rogue johnny briggs and horror film stalwart ferdy mayne ( playing a sheik ) .
there 's a pretty risqué amount of female nudity on display , for those who like that kind of thing ( but obviously nothing hardcore).most of the film is pretty thin and inconsequential ; the girls are stereotypes , and german anita especially suffers from some kind of infantalising disorder
- she 's a moron obsessed with colour tv who acts like a kind of uninhibited child & dresses to deliberately show her private parts ; in another more serious film , she would be a psychiatric case .
the most interesting section of the film involves the swedish girl being taken to a club in london where some dodgy types are still trying to swing , being seduced by a middle - aged rocker , losing her virginity and realising that the scene is not for her .
these sequences have some energy in them and point to a more intriguing film than we 've ended up with , in which promiscuity and the dregs of the music business and upper classes live soulless and seedy lives
( there 's a fine turn by john standing as an impotent public school roué ) .
the strangest of the stories has the chinese girl ( future cannibal film veteran me me lay ) getting off with her childish piano prodigy employer , falling mutually in love with and then leaving in the middle of the night for no good reason at all , except some orientalist notion that " chinese birds are inscrutable , ai n't they ? !
the film is pretty demeaning to its women characters and there 's a smattering of homophobia in the dialogue and one of the characterisations .
the end is striking , as mayne 's sheik for no earthly reason ( except they have to end the film somehow
) whisks all of the girls away to his arab kingdom for what looks to all the world like a future in the white slave trade , which they are all delighted about .
stuff and nonsense for the most part then , but directed with a fair amount of skill by veteran val guest , which puts it as a piece of film - making a notch above most of
the 70s brit sexploitation flicks .
christopher lambert is annoying and disappointing in his portrayal as gideon .
this movie could have been a classic had lambert performed as well as tom hanks in forrest gump , or dustin hoffman as raymond babbitt in rain man , or sean penn as sam dawson in i
am sam.too bad because the story line is meaningful to us in life , the supporting performances by charlton heston , carroll o'connor , shirley jones , mike connors and shelley winters were excelent .
3 of 10 .
i do n't know who wrote the script for this movie , but from the first moment on , i was irritated .
of all possible decisions they could make up in the mountains , why do they make the decision , which is the most dangerous of all ?
why do the criminals act dumb , although they managed to get a huge amount of money out of a bank and get away with it ?
why does n't the main criminal land the helicopter , shoot stallone , grab the money and fly away with the chick as a hostage ?
and there are more cases of illogical behavior .
i 'd give this movie 5 points for nice action and great landscape scenery , but due to the illogical behavior of the characters , i just can give this movie 1 point ...
first , ifc runs town and country , and now this .
the difference between that stinker and this pink panther rip - off is that town and country was watchable .
this isn't .
i can only surmise that the cast signed up for this so they could goof off in europe on somebody else 's dime .
belushi is especially irritating .
his scene with candy ( doing a z - grade dom deluise ) was torture .
speaking of torture , five minutes of the talentless shepherd , and i bet the prisoners at gitmo would crack like walnuts!the real " crime " ( besides this being green - lighted ) is shepherd 's character : a mousy wife who takes a monte carlo casino for a half - million bucks !
if you buy that , i have some oceanfront property in arizona you might be interested in !
okay , during this past thanksgiving break , whilst having the whole family together everybody decided to go see a movie , and since fred clause was voted majority , that s what we went and say .
to start off the movie had so many plot holes
it was pathetic .
simple explanations of why a certain event was happening was void .
example ; who the heck is trying to ' shut down ' santa clause ?
is it some sort of corporation ?
a little explanation would of been lovely .
second : the movie tossed you flimsy characters that evoked no sympathy from you about their feelings or actions .
example : the little elf named willie and the only tall girl in the elf village .
they see each other twice
and then they are a couple
and i could of cared less because this movie did n't make me care .
third : i suppose this was suppose to be a family film ?
its rating was low at just pg .
for a family film there were several articles of suggestive conversation .
it did n't bother me , but if i were a parent i could see a problem .
through the whole movie paul giamatti looked extremely bored with his role , but honestly he was the only one worth watching in the movie .
vaughn had a few funny moments but played the same character he has for the last two movies .
mouthy frat boy .
( nothing against vaughn , he 's been good in other movies)so this movie gets a 3 out of 10 stars from me , just because somebody had to put in the effort to produce , film and release this flick .
in my opinion i would definitely pass on this flick , or if you have to see it save it for a rainy day rental .
the truth is that a film based on a harold robbins novel is not going to win any awards .
this is no exception . "
the lonely lady " is a pure b picture in budget , cast and execution .
technically , it looks like a made - for - tv film .
the acting is very uneven .
joseph cali is especially terrible .
anthony holland is an embarrassment .
as one reviewer said of a certain katherine hepburn performance , her range goes from a to b. ms zedora manages to get to g.
the rest of the cast is solid ( and wasted in their respective roles ) .
lloyd bochner and bibi besch deserved better .
still , the whole thing can be a great deal of fun in a trashy sort of way .
as befits robbins , everything revolves around sex and nudity .
if you 're looking for some fun ...
and you 're not too sober ...
this could be for you .
this movie is a vehicle for schwarzenegger - clone alexander nevsky .
his charisma however is insufficient to lift this movie above the level of its poor script .
he has little to add to his arnie - act .
michael york is quite pathetic as the begging diplomat .
watching him revisit his d'artagnan - act from the time that he was a better actor made me feel uneasy .
come on , you can do better than that!the story is full of holes and unexplained relations ; top of this bill is the informer of vlad , who sounds like an american woman , but from the context appears to be working for a russian government - department .
although the story takes place well after the end of the communist - regime , all the russian characters are still very communist - like .
in contradiction to that , vlad is allowed to drive a pimped up all utility vehicle as police - car .
the action scenes are poorly shot and therefore lack dynamics .
not a must see movie ...
it 's possible that a man called sledge might have been done irreparable damage on the cutting room floor .
maybe someone will demand a director 's cut one day , but i seriously doubt it .
james garner decided to cash in on the spaghetti western market and in doing so brought a whole lot of americans over to fill the cast out .
folks like dennis weaver , claude akins , john marley .
and of course we have vic morrow who both wrote and directed this film .
garner always gets cast as likable rogues because he 's so darn good at playing them .
but he has played serious and done it well in films like the children 's hour and hour of the gun .
he can and has broken away from his usual stereotyped part successfully .
but a man called sledge ca n't be counted as one of his successes .
he 's got the title role as luther sledge notorious outlaw with a big price on his head .
after partner tony young gets killed in a saloon and garner takes appropriate eastwood style measures , he 's followed from the saloon by john marley .
marley 's spent time in the nearby territorial prison and it seems as though gold shipments are put under lock and key there on a rest stop for the folks transporting the stuff on a regular run .
garner gets his gang together for a heist .
here 's where the movie goes totally off the wall .
usually heist films show the protagonists going into a lot of methodical planning .
certainly that was the case in the war wagon which some other reviewer cited .
but in this one garner decides to break into the prison as a prisoner of fake us marshal dennis weaver and cause a jailbreak at which time the gold will be robbed .
that was just too much to swallow .
if taking the gold was this easy it should have been done a long time before .
but i will say for those who like the blood and guts of italian westerns , during that prison break there 's enough there for three movies .
that 's not the whole thing , of course the outlaws fall out and we have another gore fest before the film ends .
but by that time the whole film has lost a lot of coherency .
the great movie singer of the thirties allan jones is listed in the credits .
but for the life of me i ca n't find him in the film .
maybe a chorus of the donkey serenade might have made this better .
couldn't have hurt any .
one of the worst films i have seen to date .
pathetic action scene and really bad acting also do not help .
the only good point is gary busey 's parts but this does not lift the film very much .
it lives up to its b film ranking and passes the test with flying colours .
a waste of my money although i found entertaining to begin with its gets annoying after a few watches .
i do not recommend this film unless you watch it for free or its a gift .
( a gift you can ask for the receipt and send back for a complete refund).really bad.1/10 .
it is not obvious from viewing this film ( so i recommend viewers research the people who present their case in it ) but this presentation on the realities of islam , and its encouragement of violence and intolerance against all non - muslims is lacking objectiveness , and also completely fails to factor in the human condition .
it is one thing to document that the koran says many things about how a devout muslim is required to interact with non - muslims , but any realist is able to realize that not every human who feels himself or herself to be a follower of islam , will agree with and comply with all tenets of that faith and system .
there is reason to call much about the presenters into question , such that viewers need to see the presentation with a healthy skepticism ; do n't swallow it all , hook , line , and sinker , without some thinking of your own .
one specific , for instance , is researching the person walid shoebat ; who claims to be a former muslim who perpetrated an act of terrorism in bethlehem .
there are many wise people in the world who believe neither of these assertions .
i am not nor have i ever been a muslim .
i have never read the koran .
i am not a christian , nor a member of _ any _ faith .
but i am an intelligent and discerning human .
while the film is quite disturbing , in its presentation of how some muslims view their obligation to islam ; i remind you that there is more to islam than the views of the fundamentalists .
just as their are fundamentalists and evangelical christians , so , too , there are variations in the intensity of belief and obligation among jews and muslims .
when you watch this film , you need to have the salt shaker on hand .
one grain will not be enough , you 'll need more .
please use your own mind and think for yourself , research what is presented , and evaluate the state of the world and how islam fits within it based on more than what is said in 98 minutes of video .
there is a common thread of political affiliation among those who put this film together , indicating a definite bias .
be your own brain .
once in a while in indian cinema there comes along a movie like sholay that changes the way the audience perceives a good movie .
and den just once in a while(hopefully ) we have a rgv ki aag that breaks all the standards and creates one of its own .
a standard so low , it can never be broken .
ram gopal varma manages to take a melting pot of talent and create a dish so stale u can smell it from a distance .
to take a classic like sholay and assassinate it is totally unforgivable and i ca n't believe he almost called the movie rgv ki sholay .
although sholay had a lot of folklore elements in it , the movie managed to build on its plot by merely defining the characters so distinctively that they lived on forever .
what aag does is take these characters and mess them up so badly u'll
need a contest to pick the worst .
the realism element is totally missing and what the movie ends up providing is a bunch of " actors " parading along in a plot less and seemingly unrelated set of events .
one star for this film is a ridiculous waste of a vote .
its time for rgv to wake up to the reality of his failure and conjure up another " different " plot that can be categorized under cinema .
the only way we survived this stinker was by continually making fun of its stupidity .
funny thing is none of the audience around us seemed to mind -- we all joined in .
this movie is soooo bad , its only potential is to become a midnight cult movie that people can invent lines and throw popcorn at .
jenny neumann ( from the sexploitation flick mistress of the apes , the american slasher hell night and others ) is helen selleck , an american actress who gets a lead role in an australian stage production .
she 's a virgin because as a little girl she saw her mom having sex and then accidentally caused the car accident that killed her .
meanwhile , a black - gloved killer prowls around the theater slashing up people with shards of glass.***major
spoiler***the killer is obviously helen ( she speaks in her dead mother 's voice , washes blood off her hands after the murders and is seen killing a child molester with a broken bottle as a little girl ! ) , but this has gratuitous heavy - breathing pov camera - work and conceals the identity of the murderer until the very end like it 's supposed to be some big surprise .
the entire cast seems obsessed with talking about , having or trying to have sex , and , in one case , even blackmailing their way into getting laid .
there 's quite a bit of nudity and blood , but there 's no sense of continuity , the photography is murky and the editing ( by colin eggleston , who also scripted and produced ) is terrible .
the theater setting for a slasher film predates soavi 's film of the same name and argento 's opera ( both of which are better than this one ) by five years though , and neumann is pretty hot .
after hearing about george orwell 's prophetic masterpiece for all of my life , i 'm now 37 , but never having read the book , i am totally confused as to what i 've just seen .
i am very familiar with the concepts covered in the novel , as i 'm sure most are , but only through hearsay and quotes .
without this limited knowledge this film would have been a complete mystery , and even with it
i 'm still no more educated about the story of 1984 than i was before i watched it .
on the plus side ...
the cinematography is amazing , hurt & burton deliver fine performances and the overall feel of the movie is wonderfully grim and desolate .
the prostitute scene was a fantastically dark piece of film making .
now for the down sides , and there are plenty ...
there is a war going on , ( at least as far as the propaganda is concerned ) , but why & with who ?
nothing is explained .
there are a couple of names bandied about ( eurasia etc ) , but they mean nothing without explanation .
who is winston ?
what does he do ?
where does he come from ?
where does he work ?
why is he changing news reports ?
why is n't he on the front line ?
why does n't he eat the food in the canteen ?
what is that drink he 's drinking through the entire film ?
why is he so weak & ill ?
why is n't he brainwashed like the rest of them ?
what 's the deal with his mother & sister ?
what happened to his father ?
a little back story would have been nice , no scrub that , essential for those like myself that have n't read the book .
without it , this is just a confusing and hard to follow art - house movie that constantly keeps you guessing at what is actually going on .
the soundtrack was dis - jointed and badly edited and the constant chatter from the big brother screens swamps the dialogue in places making it even harder to work out what s going on .
i accept that this may have been an artistic choice
but it 's very annoying all the same .
also , i know this has been mentioned before , but why all the nudity ?
it just seemed totally gratuitous and felt like it had been thrown in there to make up for the lack of any plot coverage .
i personally ca n't abide the way hollywood feels it has to explain story lines word for word these days .
we are not all brainwashed simpletons , but this is a few steps too far the other way .
i can only imagine that it totally relies on the fact that you 've read the book because if this film really is the ' literal translation ' that i 've seen many people say , i would find it very hard to understand why 1984 is hailed as the classic it is .
there 's no denying that it was light years ahead of it 's time and has pretty much predicted every change in our society to date , ( maybe this has been a sort of bible to the powers that be ? ) , but many sci - fi novelists have done the same without leaving gaping holes in the storyline .
i guess i have to do what i should have done from the start and buy a copy of the book if i 'm to make any sense out of this .
all in all , very disappointed in something i 've waited for years to watch .
steven vasquez directed and co - wrote with james townsend , the star , this strange little drama cum horror flick with evidently very good ideas and intentions : make a gay film that takes a different storyline than the usual fare and make a drama that wants to be judged on its merits as a thriller .
so why does n't it work ?
for starters the film loses direction from the opening frame and wanders rather aimlessly throughout the film , dead set on making a suspense thriller but getting sidetracked into satisfying an audience who wants to see nude encounters .
not that that is a bad thing
: it can certainly enhance some films that have been hollywood successes .
the film also tries to talk about coming out experiences in young men and women , relationships , disturbed parenting , the club scene with all the wild antics that accompany such events - and murder .
it is all a bit much to cram into a 96-minute film .
devon ( james townsend ) by all appearances is a successful kid with a kind girlfriend jenna ( sarah kelly ) but he has an eye for boys and visits a bar where he meets brian ( alex wilson ) who has been down the same path and can offer devon assistance on every level .
they bond , devon comes out , and the mysteries begin : boys are missing in the neighborhood , devon 's stepfather psychologist dr. kirk tyler ( dan swett ) is not at all what he appears to be and despite devon 's consoling mother donna ( sonja fisher )
devon is cast into the streets because of his new relationship .
it seems dr tyler is in a dark business with hunky detective cunningham ( earl mcdougle ) who apparently is investigating the missing boys ...
devon gathers his resources from his understanding girlfriend jenna and her cronies and together the group unveils the dark doings of dr. tyler and his detective sidekick .
and through it all donna radiates warmth and understanding as the perfect mother of a gay boy , etc .
some of the actors are pleasing to the eye ( and there is very little the eye does n't examine frequently ! )
but the degree of acting is at an all time low .
the only thing that makes us forgive that ( and in some cases it is just too poor to forgive ) is the feeling of commitment on the part of everyone involved .
yes , this is a low budget movie and yes , the director needs time to learn his trade .
but in the end there is something to be said for the involved people to try to take a gay film to a different level .
maybe their next one will be more polished .
grady harp
this is one of the worst movies i have seen to date , the best part was christian j. meoli " leonard " attempting to act jumping up and down outside the bar , kind - of like i wanted to do on the dvd , to spare the rest of humanity the agony of watching this shitty film .
it has a great cast so you keep watching waiting for it to get good ,
i mean with sean astin " andrew " ( played his part perfectly , did a great job , too bad it was in this film ) , kyra sedgwick " bevan " , ron livingston " chad " , renée zellweger " poet "
( they put her name on the cover
she has a total of 1 line and less then 4 seconds in the whole movie ...
if the cast had any dignity , they would go out and buy all the copies of this film and burn them along with writer / director george hickenlooper and writer john enbom
i rented this shortly after renting ben stein 's " expelled " and thought it would interesting to compare them .
before i go further , it seems only fair that i point out the following
so a reader can see if i 'm prejudiced or not .
i 'm trying to be objective , for the record .
i tend to enjoy maher 's hbo show now and then , though i rarely think he 's the source of the humor .
i do n't really care for his stand - up either .
but he makes some good points on the show now and again , and i liked politically incorrect , though he was still fairly politically correct ( which i deem a negative because the very term sounds orwellian or at least fascist ) .
as for my religious views , i 'll say for simplicity 's sake that i 'm a non - denom .
christian with some views that are objectivist and some that are agnostic mixed in .
that being said , this a bad " documentary " for reasons that have n't been touched on yet by many reviewers -- though the ones mentioned are valid too .
the reason it 's not convincing is n't just that he argues the main point without letting others talk ( and his point boils down to nothing logical either , it 's just " come on , really ? "
which is n't a point , just a question .
try david hume if you want a decent argument . ) .
the reason this is n't convincing lies in his lack of experts on the subject matter .
i saw this about 2 months ago
and i only recall him talking to one person whose credentials as a professional were mentioned if he was n't a clergyman .
there are probably hundreds of scientists or at least professors with masters or doctorates willing to do a bit of verbal sparring , particularly in the fields of history , anthropology or a host of others .
if one compares this to ben stein 's " expelled : no intelligence allowed " he 'll find that stein interviews about 30 credentialed professors , professionals , clergy , etc .
he does this with a variety of sources with various backgrounds .
he also makes a point in his film regarding freedom of thought and education .
maher could easily have pointed out wrongs committed by theocratic rules throughout centuries or persecutions from this .
instead he idiotically refers to the 20th century 's secular totalitarian regimes as evidence of why secularism needs more socio - political power ! ! ! !
( it 's in the bonus features where he 's standing in front of the anne frank house
i think . )
this is a true orwellian head - trip .
he blames christianity in particular on many pointless deaths -- which has had its share , though far smaller than most!!--without even including a basic view of the evidence .
perhaps this is because that argument is dwarfed by secular humanism 's miserable record of the 20th century alone.another
glaring weakness is his unwillingness to talk to anyone that would be considered a moderate or " average " practitioner .
he picks out the weakest gazelles of the herd .
how difficult is that ?
how does proving the existence of exceptions move toward disproving the general rule ?
it does not .
wow , so people in cults think outside of the norm ?
how enlightening to know this .
great work
maher !
again , it would be fairly easy to interview someone like laurence vance and include his work on refuting the idea of " patriotic duty " that demands a person fight in any war his country is involved in .
beyond all that , he 's just not that funny here .
some of the clips that are overlaid in " clever " out of context / irreverent ways might garner a laugh , but mostly work to illustrate how a real contextual argument from maher will not be forthcoming , much less convincing .
he spends most of his time bashing christians , spouting inaccuracies , and interviewing fringe groups that he does n't allow to really answer his questions .
for the record , there are good questions to honestly ask of religious folks and many they should ask of themselves .
he touches on almost none of these .
i get the feeling that i could 've responded much better to most of his questioning than the people he interviewed , but the whole thing reeks of deck - stacking in terms of what is included and what was edited out .
it happened with assault on prescient 13 in 2005 , it happened with the lost boys in 2008 and now it 's happened with another classic from the 80 's wargames ...
why , oh why , oh why wo n't hollywood ever learn ?
leave them alone ... !
they ca n't be remade ... !
they suck .... !
we all hate them .... !.those
you who have n't seen the original 1983 version with matthew broderick & ally sheedy , go rent / buy it now .... ! !
the hardware may look dated , the special effects are not new millennium but it still beats this rubbish hands down ....
for those of us who lived through the 80 's when hacking was sexy , the internet was something mysterious and your disks came as a 8 " floppy variety ,
well we now possess the wisdom to avoid this film like a thermonuclear war !
never before has " a nice game of chess " seemed the better option ....
there is a reason why this made for british tv movie only appeared at the 1977 toronto film festival .
it is dull , plodding and lacking in suspense .
peter oõtooleõs diffident performance and the appearance of playwright harold pinter are the only elements of interest .
note : some british film fans will enjoy seeing philip jackson , best known for his portrayal of inspector japp in the poirot television series , in one of his earliest roles ....
truly one of the most dire films i 've ever sat through .
i 've never actually taken the time to write one of these but felt compelled to after witnessing this affront to film - making and feel somewhat aggrieved to be wasting my time on such a piece of turd to be honest .
there were so many parts that infuriated me with their complete randomness and lack of sense
( e.g. when would the police force ever shoot people with infectious diseases ?
when would hospitals ever through out such people for lack of a cure ?
why was the guy who spotted him spying on his wife wandering around outside in his dressing gown whilst carrying a gun as she rolled around on the bed ? ) .
also , the characterisation - as we 've almost come to expect in such films - was awful ( e.g. the way the blonde guy - i do n't remember his frickin name and do n't give a toss anyway - completely turned against his girlfriend and ran off to leave her ) and i ended up wanting them all to meet grisly ends !
the production was horribly disjointed and the cinematography nothing to write home about .
brilliant actor as he is , al pacino completely derails revolution
his method acting approach is totally ill - suited to the role of an illiterate trapper caught up in the american war of independence .
much of the blame should be attributed to director hugh hudson ( yes , the man who made chariots of fire just a couple of years earlier  talk about a come - down ! ! ) .
one of the many jobs of a director is to marshal the actors , coaxing believable performances from them , but in this case hudson has allowed pacino to run amok without asking for restraint of any kind .
it 's not just al 's career - low performance that hinders the film though : there are numerous other flaws with revolution , more of which will be said later .
illiterate trapper tom dobb ( al pacino ) lives in the north - eastern region of america with his son ned
( sid owen / dexter fletcher ) .
he leads a simple life  living off the land , raising his son , surviving against the elements .
the country is lorded over by the english colonialists , but during an eight year period ( 1775 - 83 ) a revolution takes place which ends with the british being defeated and the independent american nation being born .
dobb gets caught up in the events when his boat and his son are conscripted by the continental army  swept away by events they can barely understand , the dobbs finds themselves fighting for their lives and freedom in one bloody engagement after another .
tom also falls in love with daisy mcconnahay ( natassja kinski ) , a beautiful and fiery woman of british aristocratic ancestry .
their forbidden love is played out against the larger historical context of the fighting .
where to start with the film 's flaws ?
most key actors are miscast  pacino has been criticised enough already , but kinski fares little better as the renegade aristocrat while donald sutherland is hopelessly lost as a ruthless english soldier with a wobbly yorkshire accent .
robert dillon 's script is muddled in its attempts to bring massive historical events down to a personal level .
at no point does anyone seem to have decided whether this is meant to be an intimate character study with the american revolution as a backdrop , or an epic war film with a handful of sharply drawn characters used to carry the story along .
as a result , the narrative falls into no man 's land , flitting from " grand spectacle " to " small story " indiscriminately and meaninglessly .
john corigliano 's score is quite ghastly , and is poured over the proceedings with neither thought nor subtlety .
hugh hudson 's direction is clumsy throughout , both in his mismanagement of pacino and the other key actors , and in the decision to use irritatingly shaky camera work during the action sequences .
the idea of the hand - held camera is to create immediacy  that feeling of " being there " in the confusion of battle and musket fire .
like so many other things in the film , it does n't work .
the one department where the film regains a modicum of respectability is the period detail , with costumes , sets and weaponry that look consistently accurate .
but if it 's period detail you 're interested in a trip to the museum would be a better way to spend your time , because as a rousing cinematic experience revolution does n't even begin to make the grade .
nothing more than a £ 18,000,000 mega - bomb that the ailing british film industry could ill afford in the mid-1980s .
where to start ...
oh yea , message to the bad guys : when you first find the person you have been tracking ( in order to kill ) that witnessed a crime you committed , do n't spend time talking to her so that she has yet another opportunity to get away .
message to the victim : when the thugs are talking amongst themselves and arguing , take that opportunity to " run away " , do n't sit there and watch them until you make a noise they hear .
message to the director : if someone has a 5 or 10 minute head start in a vehicle or on foot , you ca n't have the bad guys on their heels or bumper
right away !
time and motion does n't work that way .
it would also be nice to think that a woman does n't have to brutally kill ( 4 ) men in order to empower herself to leave an abusive relationship at home .
when anti - bush jokes get really easy to do , a show like this had better make sure it has something extra .
when that something extra is kid versions of political figures making jokes about the future they do n't have yet , it 's just plain nonsense .
dick cheney and george bush are done well but dick cheney mutters mostly .
there 's also condoleeza rice who has a crush on bush for some reason and donald rumsfeld who is n't really that similar to donald rumsfeld at all .
the democratic characters rarely give their names so it 's a mystery as to who could be who aside from barack obama and hilary clinton .
the episodes have coherent stories but that 's not nearly enough to keep this from sinking .
nowadays it is sort of a trend to look upon all shows from begin
90 's as classics
( people are so easily blinded by nostalgia these days ) , and while some of those shows were / are undoubtedly good , this one is just pure crap .
i watched this show a lot back in those days since it got a lot of reruns on tv back then , and even as a child i did n't like it .
even a 8-year old can see how much the people in power rangers are overacting , and how much the special - fx sucked even back then .
when the show does n't resort to the painfully bad ' fighting'-scenes , it plagues the viewer with this unnecessary soap - opera about a group of teens and they'r little social problems every now and then .
i do n't know about you , but i did n't give a rats ass about any of that at all , and its basically filler until they have to ' fight ' some dude again in a very cliché alien - costume with fireworks or some toy - robot .
you never feel ' involved ' in some kind of way with this show , and the fact that most of the actors act like there really have no interest at all besides they'r wallet
just enhances the lack of feeling .
there is really nothing memorable about this show , and its pretty surprising that it got so many spin - offs
( beetleborgs is a good example ) .
all it is is just a quick way to make some money though .
i challenge any ' fan ' to tell me what exactly stands out in episodes that is supposed to be so good because i could n't find anything that is even slightly appealing to children .
my guess is that most ' fans ' of power rangers will tell me that i " just do n't get it " anyway , or something along that line .
i really do n't care though ; this was crap back then and it still crap now .
could contain spoilers .....
i'm surprised by the high rating of this film to be honest .. really am .
all i saw was a slow moving propaganda movie with nothing much to say .
( note to self must check the rating for platoon on here)this movie was so black and white ...
americans good ...
anyone else either evil or useless .
i take it the british troops in it were meant to be sas ( one of the most elite units in the world most would agree with i 'm pretty sure ) they lost 3 men and the others ran away while the us troops who were n't even elite soldiers in the fighting sense held the ground and opened up a can of whoop ass on them evil sneaky iraqis .
aye dead - on strings to mind .
the only good thing i have to say about this movie did come in this sense when the sniper took out the sas man ...
muzzle flash from distance , good noise used ... really well done that bit but the rest ...
spare me what am i 10 years of age over here ? ? ! !
well i 'm not and can see nonsense propaganda in a movie and
boy did this movie have it .
spoiler ...
oh aye and in the main crazy , wild guy ca n't stay at home with his wife and young child ..
no he has to sign up for another year to fight in a nonsense lie of a war ! !
why ... because young men need thrills or something apparently .
like say i 'm surprised by the high rating of this movie really am .
i 'm not hating america
i 'm hating the message of this movie that seems to not even want to confront issues of an illegal war ( in my eyes ) which ok fair enough because clearly there are people out there who think it 's a just war for whatever messed up reason ( wanted to say something else her but censored ) but hey that 's up to them .
but to churn out a movie so one - sided like it 's black and white ...
good v evil is lazy and treating me as a child .
in war there is a lot of grey and it 's two ( sometimes more)sides who believe in what they are fighting for .
not star wars with something something dark side verses the goodies .
f ' sake hollywood at times you really do take people for mugs ...
then again 7.8 ....
well maybe you are right to
but i 'll not be buying it .
glad i downloaded this movie tell you all that for nothing .
full house is one of the worst tv series ever !
why?because
all the characters are so irritating that it 's impossible to bear .
the best character is joey
an even he is pretty irritating occasionally .
an that girl dj , who wrote her character?i want to kill my self every time she speaks .
not to mention when danny start 's with his philosophy .
example : dj won around ten thousand dollars or more in the casino .
however , she 's not eighteen
so she should n't gamble according to law .
however the casino was ready to pay her the money but
then danny , her father cought 's her and do n't let 's her raise that money because she is not eighteen .
oh come on , give me a break , will ya?since i 've seen that stupid and childish scene i instantly turned off the television .
some of the thing 's they say in this series not even a child would bought .
who in the world could think that full house is entertaining and funny?every single word they say in this series seem 's like shakespeare wrote it .
except that shakespere knew how to write and except that he would n't be that childish and stupid to write something as stupid as they wrote in the script for the full house !
for everyone who has a bad heart or any kind of bad medical condition or any will for life or any sense of the real world , i deeply recommend ' do not watch the full house'!not even one episode as a try out .
avoid this series .
save your self from stupidity and nonsense .
this is the worst television show ever!i'd
rather watch teletubbies then this .
'do not watch this ' .
what happened in the making of this movie so that it ended up as the total mess it is ?
just one year after " the breakfast club " , a brilliant movie with many of the same actors as in " st. elmo 's fire " ( who by the way looked and acted in the latter
more like they were still the high school misfits from the former but without the grip or discipline in portraying their roles .
was it the directing or the writing .
since it was the same person ( joel schumacher ) it must be both .
but then schumacher has since given us " the phantom of the opera " , " phone booth " , " a time to kill " , and two batman movies , " batman and robin " and " batman forever " which range from good to great directing .
something went wrong on " stef " because it has no genius whatsoever , no comedy worth anything , and is very far off the mark on what is truly valuable in life .
example :
the character wendy ( a rich little girl with a heart to do good and help the less fortunate played by mare winningham ) reveals to billy ( an unruly slob who cheats on his wife and on his girlfriends , drinks far too much and has no sense of order in his life appropriately played by rob lowe ) that she is still a virgin .
billy truly see a challenge and possible conquest but wendy " is not ready " .
wendy , in fact is so not ready it is hard to believe she is in this clique of friends .
later in the story , when billy whose wife has left him taken his child and married another has somehow drawn some of the strings of his life together .
billy is leaving for new york , deserting and abandoning all parental responsibility for his baby daughter , he convinces wendy that her virginity would be the perfect " going away gift " from her to him .
and wendy , who works as a social worker helping broken families , seems not to be phased at all by this despot .
give me a break .
the one thing she can only give once , she gives to a loser who is leaving his family and friends ?
schumacher frames this scene as a wonderful and touching moment .
many more example exist where there is a complete disconnect between what is real and of value being tossed overboard and the acts are made to look like virtue .
i suppose some may say that " that was the 80 's "
but i remember it was in the " 80 's " that men began to be held responsible for the children they fathered whether in a marriage or out .
i think this movie is so bad because it is so out of sync with what it really valuable and right .
as for the technique ( not the story ) , it was terrible as well .
it is disjointed and feels like a 3 hour movie that has been edited to 1 hour and 40 minutes .
transitions and jumps in time simply do not make sense .
pick up what is on the editing room floor , put it back in and the movie would probably flow much better ... but it still is a horrible movie .
maybe schumacher has become a better and stronger director since 1986 ( he must have ) or maybe he was over his head when it came to writing the screenplay for st elmo 's fire or maybe this group of actors took over the set and went their own way -
that is what i really think happened .
deep shock plays out like a tv movie : a whole cast of commercial - quality actors , a poorly designed creature to be the " bad guy , " and a script that is more full of technical , political jargon and importances than it knows what to do with .
i checked out the movie because of the creature ( i love to see what filmmakers have in mind for their designs in these cheaply made videos ) , and right off the bat , i got disappointed because the creature on the box was not the one in the movie .
the actors i expected because of the type of film
it is ( really quite generic and not thought out past a certain point ) .
the music was typical , not - thought - out action symphonic music .
i liked the design of the computers and technical equipment , along with the mini - sub design .
the movie even flowed really well , with guiding screens letting you know which set
you 're watching the story unfold in .
but there is n't much of a story here anyways .
this movie gets a 3/10 stars imo .
the boring search and destroy mission to blow up the north pole and these creatures protecting it ...
kinda lame .
even lamer is the tagged - on love relationship between two of the characters that you do n't see coming .
chalk this one up to being a movie which tries to get actors ' careers off the bench and into a video .
do n't bother .
murder and insurance fraud take an adulterous couple to " the end of the line"
... tv was visually vulgar back in the early 1970s and this truncated , made - for - tv knock - off hurt my eyes .
it ca n't possibly compare to the 1944 billy wilder film noir classic as anyone in their right mind ought to know
-sight unseen-
but that does n't mean this update should be seen as a separate entity , either .
although based on the original paramount screenplay , there 's over half an hour cut out and the director 's bland indifference makes what 's left imminently forgettable .
with rare exception , the younger generation was n't interested in watching old black and white movies on tv back in 1973 ( still true today , alas )
so this lurid , compelling tale was new to the overwhelming majority of viewers ; then as now , ratings rule and cashing in was its only reel raison d'etre .
gus van zandt remade alfred hitchcock 's psycho for similar reasons and if these redux led to the seeking out of the original films or novels , so much the better .
i loved the james m. cain source novel enough to tune in back then
and i enjoyed this time capsule curio the second time around for the longish hair , halter tops , turbans , ugly decor , and lush auburn locks of " guest star " samantha eggar , who did n't try too hard .
in addition to recognizing a few of the incidental cast from a childhood spent in front of the boob tube , lee j. cobb was able to hold my interest as a world - weary , tired - looking keyes but
richard crenna 's affable and inoffensive walter neff only reminded me of bill bixby on a bad day .
improvement upon the original was , of course , never intended in a rush to make a buck but , instead of a mindless retread , a new adaptation of the novel would have been a novel idea .
cain 's book differs somewhat from its celluloid incarnations and the horrific shark fins in the moonlight ending
is killer .
the completist in me is thankful this speeded up
" me decade " update was included as part of the double indemnity dvd extras but the experience not only made me long to see the original , it had me nostalgic for any episode of the better - made columbo tv series .
i also flashed back to a very good 1973 abc tv movie of the week that i have n't seen since its initial airing :
john d. macdonald 's linda starring the beautiful stella stevens as a ruthless femme fatale who murders her lover 's ( sexy john saxon ) wife and then frames her mild - mannered husband for the crime
and , if i remember correctly , there 's also an open - ended ending .
like double indemnity , it was needlessly remade with tv movie queen virginia madsen as the titular vixen and richard thomas as the milquetoast husband .
for movie fans who have never heard of the book ( shirley jackson 's " the haunting of hill house " ) and have never seen the 1963 robert wise production with julie harris , this remake will seem pretty darn bad .
for those of us who have , it is just plain awful .
bad acting ( what was neeson thinking ? ) , goofy computer enhancements , and a further move away from jackson 's story doom this remake .
do yourself a favor and rent the original movie .
it still effectively scares without hokey special effects .
the acting is professional and believable .
for readers of the book , the from 1963 follows the it much closer .
no doubt , when madonna and guy ritchie married , it was because they both thought it would help their movie careers .
if you 've been through the ordeal of watching " swept away , " then you know at that level it was a match made in hell .
after nearly 20 years of trying to become a respected actress ( or " octress " as she might have pronounced it in " the next best thing " ) , she still ca n't get out of herself long enough to turn in a performance that anyone with taste could even call decent .
and that 's the thing that makes people dislike her so much on the screen :
that gut feeling that her ego is so inflated that it prevents her from being able to just let go and connect with her audience .
if there 's any justice in this universe , she just blew her last chance .
lulu ( louise brooks ) works as a typist and is missing something in her life .
she enters a miss france contest against the wishes of her boyfriend andre ( georges charlia )
and she wins .
she sets off for the miss europe title leaving her boyfriend behind .
she wins again but returns home to andre because he has asked her to .
once back together , her life becomes mundane again
so one night she writes a note to him and leaves to experience the fame that is waiting for her as miss europe .
andre follows her .....
this film is a silent film with a piano music - track all the way through .
it is also sped - up so everything seems fast .
limited dialogue has been added on afterwards and it is very phony .
the cast are alright bearing in mind that it is a silent film .
the best part of the film comes at the end but the story goes on a little too long .
after watching this , i 'm not really sure what the big deal was over the looks of louise brooks - she has a terrible haircut that makes her face look fat .
i do n't need to watch it again .
please humour me
if you will , for a minute while i read you the back of the alley cat vhs box .
it says that : in this part of the city every street is a dead end- on every corner something to buy- in every alley another way to die-
to survive you 're got to be the best-
just like the alley cat .
alley cat- this lady owns the night .
on the streets where even the predators become victims she knows how to survive- cross her
and you 've run out of luck .
alley cat-
this animal is aroused .
now is n't that one of the most pathetic blurbs you 've ever heard in your life ?
whoever wrote that must be insane if they thought such a awful description could tempt us into viewing the video .
yet unfortunately , whichever faceless individual was responsible for that tragic use of english was doing their job only too well ..
the movie contained within the little plastic case is as bad as it sounds , and then some .
karin mani plays the title role , and the script basically tells her during every given scene to either a ) pout like a goldfish b )
kick male butt or c )
show off her feminine ' attributes ' .
no complaints about the latter , but in terms of the other two .. let 's just say she is n't much of an actress , and is even less convincing as a martial arts expert .
but even meryl streep with cynthia rothrock 's body ( what a scary thought ) would fail to save this movie .
the unfolding of the plot is boring beyond belief , as we get one ineptly directed fight sequence after enough , pausing only for hysterical courtroom shenanigans and the occasional gag - inducing love scene with the interestingly named robert torti .
the camera - work also follows a similar path of shame , with far too many unneeded close - ups and continuity errors abound .
the part that i think really sums this scum - bucket of a movie up is where our heroine is sexually assaulted , and finds herself testifying in front of a corrupt judge while her rich - kid rapist leers at her from the box .
not only does he get off scot - free despite the overwhelming evidence against him , but she herself is then jailed for daring to protest about the verdict in front of his honour .
behind bars , she then has a group shower , a lesbian crush , a couple of cat - fights and a nice , sweaty game of volleyball before being released on bail to continue her battle .
this ten - minute section has nothing to do with the rest of the movie , and the screenplay grinds to a halt to encompass it .
i can only imagine the producers wanted to add a bit more t&a to the mix , and came up with this needless sub - plot as a means to achieving that end .
which kinds of begs the question , is this an exploitation film , or a serious drama ?
neither , is my response to that ..
it is n't sleazy or camp enough to appeal to fans of troma - style cinema , and it certainly does n't make the grade as an exploration of one woman 's fight against the system ..
purely because it is so appallingly made .
so who on earth would want to see it ?
lunatics , i guess .. or imdb reviewers who stay up till 3 pm and watch any old rubbish on the box while trying to get to sleep .
sadly on this occasional i failed , and the horrors will stay with me for quite some time .
do n't make the same mistake i did .
have a hot milk , or something ..
i am fully aware there is no statistical data that readily supports the correlation between video games and real life violence .
the movie is false and phony because it is in complete contradiction of itself , which is what i tried to emphasize in my original review .
the movie fails , not necessarily because i really do think these kids were influenced by video games , but because the movie sets it up as " random " and does n't follow through .
let me clarify .
in aileen : life and death of a serial killer , you can see her claims about the police and being controlled by radio waves are ridiculous , yet she is so troubled , she really believes them to be true .
the viewer can make the distinction however .
in zero day , the 2 kids keep saying how they are not influenced by anything environmental , which is obviously false since everything they do contradicts this .
neo - nazism , talking about going on cnn with wolf blitzer ( which is laughable not only because they know his name , but its a shameless attempt by the filmmaker to get coverage of his bad movie) ..
this movie does n't depict ' reality ' , it shows nothing but phoniness to prove a point .
unfortunately you fell for the bait and did n't see this , and you did n't pick up on it from my review either .
the entire movie is just taking michael moore 's hypothesis and applying it to something " real life " in hopes of validating and it fails , not necessarily because the hypothesis is wrong , but because the movie is wrong and does n't support it .
of course i do n't think kids that play video games are more likely to kill people , but if i 'm not mistaken , did n't video tape exist of the columbine kids ( or some teen killers )
shooting guns in the forest claiming how much they looked or acted like the weaponry in doom ?
hmmmmmmm , the distinction is
kids are most likely aware of the media , influenced , but obviously balanced or intelligent enough that its not even an issue .
zero day is a bad movie not because i really believe a correlation exists , but because the film maker does n't know what he s trying to say , and the movie does more to disprove his point then support it .
it 's almost as if the new ratings given to video games made someone upset so they came up with ' zero day ' in retaliation .
if you want to see the ' mindless ' teen killer theory pulled off right , go watch bully .
-might contain spoilers ... but believe me , this movie spoils itself from start to finish .
i walked into this movie with high expectations .
it was my own fault .
i had put too much stock in steve carell 's record to date .
40 year old virgin ...
little miss sunshine ...
the office .
and i also made the mistake of coming to imdb and seeing a 7.5 user rating before going to the movie .
it 's always been a very good predictor in the past , but something is definitely off lately .
the last time i felt this embarrassed and in this much pain in a movie theater was watching " blue steel " in 1990.this flick fumbled from start to finish .
the script was flunky material .
awful writing all around .
murderer of love " ?
" love is an ability " ?
whoever wrote this crap suffered from the same affliction that struck american beauty 's writer(s ) ... trying waaaaayyyyyy too hard .
the entire flick was peppered with three 's company'ish moments like the awful and contrived shower scene .
or the pointless / confusing aerobics scene .
or the awful laundry room scene .
right when you think something serious and/or real is about to happen , they toss in one of these terrible moments .
and it happens over and over and over again .
and what 's with carell 's character ?
the guy meets some lame broad at a book store and is suddenly head over heels in love ?
let 's face it .
their conversation sucked .
they both should have said their goodbye 's after a few minutes .
pay close attention to the initial conversation when you have the misfortune of watching this movie ....
carell 's character is trying to say something which is absolutely random and un - funny
( i think the exact line was " this one time when i was a kid " ...
that 's it .
seriously ) , but both are laughing so hard that coffee is about to spout out of their noses .
the actors themselves looked like they were in pain , wondering why they 're being directed to do what they 're doing .
back to the imdb thing ... you guys need to figure out a way to keep a movie 's promotional team off this site .
i know it 's impossible , but it 's painfully obvious
the first 20 or so ratings / reviews were either posted by 12 year olds , or by flunky 's hired by the studio .
check out the family stone 's rating ...
if that 's a mid 5 , then this absolutely has got to be a 2 ... and that 's pushing it .
cash ( now played by khrystyne haje in for angelina jolie ) has wandered to a post apocalypse wasteland ( after her protector has died from old age , said protector was played by elias koteas , an actual decent actor ) and now she finds that people wander through the rubble looking for cyborgs to trade for scrap metal and cash .
she leads a group of burned out cyborgs ( that includes william katt , evan lurie and a human scientist played by zach galligan ) against bounty hunter richard lynch .
malcolm mcdowell has two minutes of screen time as lynch 's employer .
cyborg 3 does manage to be better than the other two entries
but it still is a largely dull feature .
the problem this time is that the ideas with potential are never used well , the action sequences are routine and the name cast such as mcdowell , katt and galligan are given little to do .
haje is indeed a whiny heroine and lynch is too over the top(as usual ) and the film lacks the inspiration or ambition to be as fun - bad as it 's hilarious predecessor .
( the one with van damme , the second one is just dull . )
also disappointing is the science fiction angle which almost aggressively resists any good idea it has .
as an action flick this is routine and by the numbers b - movie stuff
and it is competently made , that 's the only thing positive i can say about it.*1/2 out of 4-(poor )
as a history nut who is particularly interested in this particular historical event , i was very disappointed with the movie .
granted , the costumes and staging was quite authentic , but the hollywood portrayal of this " british little big horn " was truly boring .
the amount of film footage dedicated to marching or parading troops has to have been unprecedented in film history .
eveytime i heard triumphant background music begin , i knew i had to prepare myself for another laborious scene of meaningless filler .
obviously , the producers had invested heavily into " staging " and were determined to get their money 's worth .
despite the outstanding cast , their dialogue was , again , boring and their characters were never developed .
whenever peter o'toole or burt lancaster finished a scene , i would cringe with disappointment .
their given lines were so weak and meaningless that i could hardly believe these were the same two great actors who portrayed lawrence of arabia and the bird man of alcatraz respectively .
there are worse epics , but this one is not much better .
while flipping through the channels on a late saturday night , my friends and i stumbled across this film .
first of all , irish actor pierce brosnan as a native american ?
seriously ? !
his accent was breaking through so much , although his character was apparently scottish .
next , i was stunned to find that this film was made after he had already played james bond / agent 007 at least twice .
this movie plays up the stereotypes , with the inspiring professor figure .
the girl who played pony should be paid to keep her mouth shut .
and , this film won an award ?
i can not believe it .
brosnan is an attractive man , but we seriously wanted to gauge our eyes out after watching this for just 10 seconds .
we switched from " kicking and screaming " to this , and we wanted to switch back .
we watched the 1995 children 's classic " the indian in the cupboard " earlier in the night , which also discussed the iroquois .
the following line represents our desire to run away : " take me outside , earth grasper . "
from " grey owl " : " if you do n't like it , you do n't have to watch . "
my brother is an avid dvd collector .
he took one look at the cover ( two models on toilets ) and had to add it to his collection .
i stayed up with him to watch what turned out to be likely the most cringeable movie ( i use that term loosely )
i 've felt obligated to sit through .
i dared not make eye contact with my brother , quite certain he must have been cursing the receipt in his clenched fist .
the biggest name in the whole movie is michael clark duncan who appears in one scene , which the " filmmaker " decided to show every take of ( about four total ) throughout the movie .
in fact , the whole movie pretty much follows this suit .
the fact that the dvd contained deleted footage was a shock .
( i went to bed without viewing it , however ) .
to no surprise at all , i found this disc without its case behind the tv about a week later .
what is most striking about this semi - musical set in 1920s
berlin is the marvelous cinematography and editing .
it 's top of the line from first national in these departments .
the story is mildly engaging and similar to the plots of miller 's other two films ( sunny , sally ) where working girl is romanced by rich boy with family disapproval , complications and final clinch .
all the four musical numbers are bunched at the beginning of the film and we go for a long stretch without any further musical buoyancy .
miller sings parts of i
think of baby and reprises because of you .
there are also don't ever be blue and though you're not
the first
one.miller
here is very engaging and delightful , quite reminiscent of irene dunne in manner and delivery .
sad she does not dance as that is her forte .
sally remains her finest film , with this trailing as second and the rather poor sunny a vastly inferior runner up .
her life was tragically cut short by a sinus infection before the days when hospitals and antibiotics made such tragedies preventable .
it 's worth visiting these films though to see ziegfeld 's top star of the twenties .
i had the misfortune to watch this rubbish on sky cinema max in a cold winter night .
i am not a big fan of horror movies , because most of them are just trash .
this one is even worse : it is one of the dumbest pieces of crap i 've ever seen in my whole life .
horror movie ?
yes , there are horrible things in this :
the acting , the script and the special effects - gosh , i laughed at this ludicrous attempt to make a flick for 90 minutes .
actually , had it been a comic movie i would 've given it a 5 .
do n't you even think about renting this unless you want to mock at the producers .
vote : 2 out of 10 - did n't vote one because it made me laugh all the time ;-)
i thought the movie was ok but very disappointed that they did n't capture the true image of his life .
i was so anticipating to see his mother being an actual jamaican , that it 's driving me crazy .
just watching the beginning of the movie told me that the movie was not accurate .
which i completely lost interest just a matter of seconds from the beginning of the movie .
i 'm very disappointed
, that 's like watching a biography story on mark anthony and having arnold play the part .
i do n't know what the writer was thinking missing a valuable piece of the movie which i 'm sure his mother played a huge role in his life .
i will say the movie was ok besides the major fla ! ! ! ! ! !
the first 30min of the flick was choppy and hard to know just what was going on ( unless you read the book - which i had not).if you can stick with the first half , the second half is sweet - predictable , yes , but sweet none - the - less .
the way it was shot one would think it was produced in the early 80 's , not 2005.no stand - out moments , bland , but it moved along without boring me .
i would like to know why keaton selected this role , her part would have been better cast with a player more at the level of the other actors to keep the balance .
i 'll say one thing about this film : there are no lulls .
you ca n't get bored watching this .
the problem is that it is too intense .
there is too much action and it needs lulls !
that is the risk you take in modern action films .
you want it interesting but not overdone .
this is way overdone .
even though the acting is fine and features a couple of " names " in gary busey and roy scheider , it still has the feel of a " b " film .
the best part of it is scheider 's dialog : the only " a " part of this " b " film .
the rest of the story is strictly rambo mentality but did have a few standout scenes .
one in particular was a very innovative scene featuring land mines .
that was memorable .
not enough of the other scenes were to make this a keeper for long .
this movie was so predictable .
its a complete rip off of those , " i was abused by daddy
i 'm gon na kill women " movies .
stupid scenes , bad acting , unoriginal storyline , really low budget piece of crap film .
don't waste your time people .
trust me .
my rating : 0/5.0
how sheep - like the movie going public so often proves to be .
as soon as a few critics say something new is good
( ie - " shake - cam " ) , everyone jumps on the bandwagon , as if they are devoid of independent thought .
this was not a good movie , it was a dreadful movie .
1 ) plot ? -
what plot ?
bourne was chased from here to there , from beginning to end .
that 's the plot .
do n't look for anything deeper than this .
2 ) cinematography ?
- do me a favor !
any 7 year old armed with an old and battered
8 mm movie camera would do a far better job ( i am not exaggerating here ) .
this film is a tour - de - force of astonishingly amateurish camera - work .
the ridiculous shaking of every ( i really do mean every ) scene will cause dizziness and nausea .
3 ) believable ?
oh yes definitely .
this is a masterpiece of credibility .
i loved scenes about bourne being chased by ( local ) police through the winding market streets of tangier .
- i 've been to tangier .
even the guides ca n't navigate their way through those streets but bourne shook off 100 police with speed and finesse .
greengrass must be laughing his head off at the gullibility of his film disciples .
editing ?
- i do n't know what the editor was on when he did this film
but i want some !
every scene is between 0.5 and 2 seconds .
i felt nauseous at the end of the film from the strobe effect of the " scenes " flashing by .
directing ?
- hmmm .
this is an interesting aspect .
the film appears to have actually not had any directing .
more a case of greengrass throwing a copy of the script ( all two pages ) at the cameramen and told to " shoot a few scenes whilst drunk " .
- " do n't worry boys , we 'll tie the scenes together in the editing room " .
the editor should be tarred , feathered and put in the stocks for allowing this monstrosity to hit the silver screen 6 ) not one but two senior cia operatives giving the tender feminine treatment to the mistreated and misunderstood jason bourne .
- putting their lives on the line for someone they could n't even be sure was n't a traitor .
talk about stupid nincompoops .
( whilst the evil male cia members plot to terminate any operative who so much as drops a paper - clip on the floor ) .
( well , all men are evil , are n't they ? -
except for snags of course ) .
yes , this really is a modern and politically correct film that shows the females to be the heroes of the day and the oppressive males as the real threat to humanity .
when the you - know - what finally hits the fan , good triumphs over evil ( just like it always does , eh ? )
and the would - be assassin gets the drop on jason bourne - he suddenly undergoes a guilt trip and refrains from pulling the trigger ( yeah - right ... ) - at that very moment , the evil deputy director just happens to turn up - gun in hand
and he does pull the trigger .
- how did this 60 year old man run so fast and not even be out of breath ?
wonders will never cease 8)
do n't worry , there 's a senate hearing and the baddies get pulled up before the courts .
well , we ca n't have nasty , politically incorrect
, cia operatives going round shooting people , can we ?
how lovely to see a true to life p.c. film of the noughties .
-------------the bourne ultimatum is utter rubbish .
that 's right
, you heard me this movie is a freaking ' abomination .
first off , the band , who the hell is going to go see or listen to a band called " the naked brothers band " ? ! ? ! not only is the name terrible but so are the musicians , they ca n't even play anything !
also , the lead singer sounds more girly than geddy lee , and even more his voice is horrible !
not only are they terrible musicians
but they 're terrible actors .
led by a crappy director and thin plot , this has got to be the dumbest movie ever .
i wish this website would let you use a vote of zero or below out of 10 , because giving this filth a 1/10 is being way too generous .
i'm not sure that you can call this a comedy film .
if you 're looking for comedy with music , go to that " weird al " yankovic guy 'cause he does it a whole lot better than these untalented tweens .
watching this i mainly noticed the ad placements .
dhl , aquawhite strips , rockstar and more .
it 's one product placement after another .
it 's quite obvious how this movie got its funding .
jessica simpson 's " acting " is laughable .
any dick should n't ever get work because he plays the same lame character .
the " story " is just a backdrop for this very long commercial .
i ca n't believe this movie was even considered for theatrical release .
the longer you watch this movie the more you 're embarrassed for everyone involved .
the only minor saving grace is larry miller and rachael lee cook , who gets almost no screen time as jessica 's cousin .
i 'm embarrassed i watched the whole thing .
i would recommend avoiding this one .
i watched free money last night & it was the longest 90 + minutes of my life .
with such an intriguing cast , i really thought that i was in for a treat - especially since i 'm a brando fan .
wrong !
what a waste of talent .
it 's almost embarrassing to watch at times ( like the cattle prod scene ) , & there were so many missed opportunities for humorous setups
( why did n't they show charlie sheen 's character going back to tow brando 's truck ? )
it tries to be a slapstick comedy , but i just was n't buying into it .
skip this one .
only for die - hard brando fans .
i'm giving it 2 out of 10 because i still think the worse movie ever made was skidoo .
get your brewskies out and enjoy this flawed action flick .
speakman 's considerable kempo skill ( nice spin kicks , decent with the sticks - poor couch ! ) is the only redeeming quality of a movie that just cries bad acting .
the plot is n't half bad ; just executed pretty poorly .
but if you 're seeing this movie for anything other than martial arts , you 're missing the boat entirely .
and for a movie that is supposed to take place in koreatown , way way too few korean actors ( even extras ) .
originally aired as an abc movie of the week .
this involves two young innocent female college students who are railroaded into a prison camp in a little southern town .
they are n't allowed phone calls and nobody knows they 're there .
what follows is rape , torture , beatings , humiliation and degradation leading to a very disturbing conclusion .
the tv version was ( for its time ) grim .
no nudity and the beatings were pretty tame but the overall feeling of sleaziness wore one down .
the unrated version is even worse -- there 's plentiful nudity , the violence is extreme and , in one particularly disgusting sequence , we see a crying female prisoner forced to strip while a lesbian guard " uses " her .
yuck !
there 's nothing wrong with exploitation films but this one just goes over the brink .
you get the feeling that the filmmakers enjoy having these poor women being tortured and degraded -- all this is shoved in your face like you 're supposed to enjoy it .
the needlessly downbeat ending does n't help .
i'm giving it a 3 because the acting is good -- but that actually makes the movie harder to watch .
a sick , sleazy film .
not recommended .
this is a sad movie about this woman who thought her ex who she loved so much was probably dead , but really his scientist dad had just put a spell on him to turn him into this really cute shark - guy .
kind of like in beauty and the beast .
it could probably use a ballroom dance scene and maybe some singing candlesticks , but there are some pretty gross plants instead .
they make this one girl really itchy , so she lets herself get eaten by the shark - guy instead of scratching through the whole movie .
the scientist guy is a good dad who tries to reunite his fishy shark son with the woman he was engaged to , he even arranges for them to have private time for s
- e - x , but the woman in this is a really shallow snob and thinks the shark - guy is an ugly , icky monster and wants nothing to do with him .
she gave up on love !
just because he was a shark !
i thought it was pretty sad
how all she had to do
was kiss him
and he 'd turn back to normal
and they 'd live happily ever after , but
it 's not that kind of movie .
what was steven seagal thinking ?
i mean firstly i love seagal .
i love all his movies up to the mid 2000s .
his early stuff is some of the best in the genre .
this however does not live up to its excellent name .
attack force ( with protagonist marshall lawson { seagal } ) would be expected to be a mindless action movie with seagal in typical one - liner ass kicking form .
however , what we get is a crime mystery , bordering on a political thriller with little or no action .
seagal is always in shadows because of his weight .
i could not follow this story .
there 's people who mutate to superhumans when they take a drug .
what happened in this movie .
the dubbing of seagal is a disgrace , a shambles and a shame .
why dub the man ?
the story is terrible .
this got a 2/10 from me because of the scene where seagal asks for backup despite having an army with him , and an hilarious fight scene where seagal swings his hands like a girl facing the camera ! "
revenge is a two way street " seagal says in this movie ...
well forget revenge steven , you need redemption !
this film came recommended as a good action film , which i do n't really think it is .
i found the story convoluted and not all that easy to follow .
there really is n't that much action until the end of the film and it 's pretty dark and hard to see what 's really happening .
i was sure hoping for something different , but , alas , did n't find it here .
like with any movie genre , there are good gangster movies and there are bad gangster movies .
if you asked me to name a good gangster movie , i 'd have dozens to choose from .
if you asked me to name a bad gangster movie , probably the first one to pop up in my mind is one that still has me in a sort of depression of disappointment
about a week since i saw the film for the first
and i promise you , the last time .
that film is " the general " , unrelated to the 1926 silent film of the same name .
this is a very dry , very slow gangster epic that raises questions not about the story ( it 's more than easy to follow )
but about why the filmmakers chose to make this rather flimsy endeavor .
like " goodfellas " ( 1990 ) and " american gangster " ( 2007)two superior mob movies"the general " is based on real people and true events .
the film revolves around an irish criminal named martin cahill ( brendan gleeson ) who started his long chain of crimes stealing food as a teenager and then moving up to robbing museums and houses as an adult .
meanwhile , the police led by an inspector named kenny ( jon voight ) try desperately and vigorously to prove just one of his crimes and convict ( or kill ) him .
perhaps because it 's a film in the same category as the marvelous " goodfellas " ( 1990 ) and the first two " godfather " films , i was expecting too much from " the general . "
but that may be going too easy on it .
this would have been a bad film
had i not seen the aforementioned masterpieces before being swamped by boredom in this oater and its far - too - stretched running time of screaming bad scenes .
let 's start knocking the film by just looking at the style in which it is presented .
for some reason , director john boorman and cinematographer seamus deasy selected to film this movie in black - and - white while its style and presentation are clearly the elements that belong to a full - fledged color film .
now i have nothing against b / w pictures , not even ones made in modern - day times . "
schindler 's list " ( 1993 ) was more than ninety percent filmed in black - and - white
and it 's a masterpiece .
the general " , made just five years after " schindler 's list " is not .
the cinematography is also far too blown out with high lighting keys that seem very distracting and give the movie a very video - game - like quality that i found simply annoying .
the filmmakers were obviously going for a realist 's documentary - like style , like " schindler 's list " did , but they fail by making it seem too much like a documentary and at the same time , too much like a classic - style motion picture .
performances in the film range from passable to poor .
brendan gleeson and jon voight gave decent enthusiasm for their roles , but it seemed to me at times that even they were getting kind of run down by the awful screenplay from which they were quoting .
the sound design is also very primitive , probably in an attempt to give it a 40s crime - noir appeal , but that also fails because again , it 's made too much like a contemporary picture and seems vastly out of place .
but the worst thing that occurs is that there 's not onenot onecharacter in the film that i felt any emotions or opinions for .
in fact , for every moment of every scene , the only thought going through my head was " okay 
so what ?
moments that in a better film might come across as shocking or appalling are just dull and time - consuming here .
i did not sympathize or hate the brendan gleeson character because the way the cahill character is written is simply flat and dull .
gleeson just plays the common criminal and does not strike out with the impact the real martin cahill obviously did .
if a character is killed off ( as they always are in gangster films ) , we feel nothing .
no remorse , no relief , no surprise , nothing .
we just say "
so what ?
" and that 's all i did during the entire running time of this very flimsy , very poorly - made crime film .
the opening scenes move as fluidly as frozen velveeta .
the attempt at dramatic dialogue only makes me wish i had better control of the fast forward control .
vampires are usually portrayed as sexy and intelligent or mangy disgusting creatures .
this vampire tries to seduce his prey by imitating a lost puppy .
i usually tally a body count , so there was a cat ( which does n't count )
a bum , a girl who fell out of the sky with a sword in her ( whatever that was about ) and then the plot .
foley artists are respected for using celery to create the sound of a broken arm , but using the sound of biting into an apple for a vampire biting a victim is just plain silly .
i liked warlock , but this movie just stunk so bad that we turned it off , and it was so forgettable we rented it a year later only to turn it off again .
spoilers ahead , but does it really matter ?
have you ever read a movie review composed entirely of questions ?
could this be it ?
why did an ancient civilization bury artifacts all over the world ?
why is this question never answered ?
why was the opening text crawl incoherent ?
why would a nun ( she sure seemed nice ! )
hand over 20 orphans to a madman ?
has there always been a gold mine in downtown vancouver ?
why does one of the gold mine 's shafts exit in the front yard of an orphanage ?
why does tara reid 's character suddenly show up at christian slater 's apartment for sex ?
( or did i just answer my own question ? )
why would even a non - archaeologist bang open an obviously valuable solid gold chest with a sledgehammer ?
why would modern computers still display green pre - tron - era grid outlines of objects , complete with little " bleeps " ?
and must all movie explosive timers have digital displays ?
why does n't anything in this movie make any sense ?
that 's pretty ridiculous , i hope many people are exposed to muslims who live all over the u.s , u.k , and all over the world .
the religion has over a billion followers .
i myself born and bread in america and through my religious classes and teachings
i have been taught to cherish my country and work to contribute to the society .
i am very dedicated to the followings and teachings of my religion have been stressed through out life to educate and prepare oneself for success through education in order to contribute back to the world .
i have know many muslims from all over and i have traveled to countries like pakistan ..
i have yet to meet one person who believes that we should hurt anyone or not accept any other religion except from the people in the media ...
i wonder why ...
also its sad that these extremists are the ones the media use to represent a whole religion .
its a religion of one billion people , and these are less than one percent , i am sure the other people of other religions would not like to be represented by the kkk , ira and many more which are simple small percentage extremists who use outdated and not literal passages from the respected books in order to pursue their own revenge , personal , or business matters through their so called religion
there is an awful lot wrong with this picture , beginning with a script that is both obvious and redundant .
courtney cox plays a comic book artist who escapes to a small desert town after being raped twice in the big city .
she immediately is stalked by a local who appears quite unhinged ( craig sheffer ) , and who seems to be attempting a third rate mickey rourke imitation .
d.b. sweeny is a local cop , who is supposedly there to protect and serve .
meanwhile , the script manipulates the audience as to who 's really the good guy ?
logic flies out the window after the first ten minutes and never returns , and there are more unanswered questions than there should be .
if you think " blue desert " might be saved by the wonderful philip baker hall , you will be disappointed .
his part is insignificant , just like the entire movie .
- merk
should have been titled ' balderdash ! '
little in the film is true except the name of the island and the fact submarines were involved .
little more than training film quality with poor camera work , muddy stock footage and perhaps the low point of stereotyping ' japs ' with laughing japanese infantry , laughing japanese fighter pilots and one - dimensional square - jawed americans dying left and right .
sixty years later it is unintentionally funny as an odd artifact and as an opportunity to see what is possible when the war fever is upon you .
the plot and the dialogue remind me of playing guns on a summer 's afternoon in my childhood , peering through the neighbor 's hedge to gain a fatal advantage on my best friend steve and my little brother .
in actual fact , the makin island raid was a near total failure with carlson and his men wandering around in the dark exchanging gunfire with shadows until finally , thirsty and completely disoriented , looking for someone to surrender to , before they happened upon some equally confused japanese soldiers who promptly surrendered to them !
in the withdrawal several of carlson 's marines ended up on another island and were abandoned !
the film , of course , could n't tell that story , not in 1943 , so this bit of whimsy was fabricated and rushed into release to the beating of drums .
with randolph scott , and his jaw , as colonel thorwald ( carlson ) leading a unit comprised almost entirely of stock caricatures , the green recruit ( harry landon , robert mitchum ) , the grizzled veteran ( j. carroll naish , milburn stone , sam levene ) , the country - bumpkin ( rod cameron ) , the all - american boy ( alan curtis ) , and scores of sneering ( when they were n't laughing ) ' japs ' .
and yet the cast nearly overcomes the material .
almost .
randolph scott 's narrow range is well suited to his role of earnest commander and he is supported by a solid group of professionals who do their best with thin gruel .
but in the end , the one - note object of the exercise wins .
any pretense is totally abandoned at the close when randy scott simply looks directly into the camera and delivers a stirring ( well sorta stirring ) call to arms .
the cast was better than this material .
so was the audience .
should be viewed with reefer madness and a bottle of moderately priced merlot .
this is a thriller with a good concept , good acting , good photography and good intentions all around , but which is confused and disjointed in execution .
garcia stars as john berlin , an l.a. forensic detective who has moved to a small california town at the behest of a friend of his on the force there .
he soon becomes involved in the investigation of an unsolved murder which leads to his theorizing about the existence of a serial killer whom no one else believes in .
the known victim is theorized to be blind , which leads to a romance with a blind girl - believed to be a witness - at a nearby school for the blind .
despite a basically intriguing story there were too many quantum leaps and plot holes in this movie where i found myself wondering , ' how the hell did we wind up here ? '
or ' how did we find this out ? '
i found it confusing and disjointed , despite the good acting , etc .
john malkovich has a small part toward the end as an f.b.i. investigator out to get berlin .
not recommended .
the original was a good movie .
i bought it on tape and have watched it several times .
and though i know that sequels are not usually as good as the original i certainly was n't expecting such a bomb .
the romance was flat , the sight gags old , the spoken humor just was n't .
this may not have been the worst movie i 've ever seen but it comes close .
i will never forget the wit and great comedy of the original vacation movie !
the lines , pacing , and timing of events in that film are outstanding !
however , this european vacation sequel is a major let down .
in this sequel , the griswalds win a european vacation on a game show .
the problem is that many of the jokes in the film are little more than mild , " ha - ha " laughs .
for example , a flight attendant on an airplane asks clark , " do you want your coke in the can ?
clark answers back , "
no , i 'll have it right here .
" that 's really about the only line that is funny in this film .
european vacation 's humor is strained .
as if the writers borrowed all the jokes from the first movie , tried to re - hash a script that had been done before , and relied on a ridiculous slap - stick chase scene sequence toward the end of the picture just to kill time .
worse , the natural comic standouts like randy quaid as cousin eddie and the original kids who played rusty and audrey from the first movie
so well are nowhere to be found .
their replacements are not funny , ca n't act , and just look like they are going through the motions most of the time .
there are also a few crude sex jokes and comments that are not only not funny , they are in bad taste .
the griswald 's should have stayed in wally world .
the place that made them legends !
do n't join them on this european dreadful adventure .
viewers should re - watch the original vacation movie in place of this !
you 'll be glad you did .
i watched this film not really expecting much , i got it in a pack of 5 films , all of which were pretty terrible in their own way for under a fiver
so what could i expect ?
and you know what i was right
, they were all terrible , this movie has a few ( and a few is stretching it )
interesting points , the occasional camcorder view is a nice touch , the drummer is very like a drummer , i.e damned annoying and ,
well that s about it actually
, the problem is that its just so boring , in what i can only assume was an attempt to build tension , a whole lot of nothing happens and when it does its utterly tedious
( i had my thumb on the fast forward button , ready to press for most of the movie , but gave it a go ) and seriously is the lead singer of the band that great looking , coz they do n't half mention how beautiful he is a hell of a lot
, i thought he looked a bit like a meercat , all this
and i have n't even mentioned the killer
, i 'm not even gon na go into it , its just not worth explaining .
anyway as far as i 'm concerned star and london are just about the only reason to watch this and with the exception of london ( who was actually quite funny )
it was n't because of their acting talent , i 've certainly seen a lot worse , but i 've also seen a lot better .
best avoid unless your bored of watching paint dry .
saying this movie is extremely hard to follow and just as frustrating to sit through is putting it very mildly .
also saying that the current available print is dark , dreary , scratchy , abysmally edited , painfully dubbed , seemingly censored and in almost unwatchable shape is also correct .
this film is in dire need of a good remastering from the full , uncut , original negative and seeing how it 's reasonably atmospheric ( and won the director an award at the catalonia film festival ) , it might actually be worth the trouble .
then again , maybe not ...
it 's just impossible to tell in its current condition what kind of movie it actually is .
it starts fairly interesting , if you can discount the completely senseless pre - credits opening sequence , which involves a deranged cat - killing , snake - loving little girl named gerda .
the girls mom , carla ( mónica randall , who should have laid off the eyeliner a little bit ) , splashes some gasoline around in the garage and torches the brat .
seemingly about as crazy as young gerda , she goes to visit her estranged photographer ( ex ? )
boyfriend mario ( " john"/cihangir caffari ) .
he 's on vacation from work , but so desperate to get away from carla that he begs his employers to set him up on an assignment ... any assignment .
she scowls "
you 'll be sorry ! " as he heads out the door .
well , mario is assigned to photograph " witches mountain " ( somewhere in the pyrenees , i believe ) .
before he gets to his destination , he gets sight of a hottie on the beach named delia ( patty shepard ) and snaps a few pictures of her taking off her bikini top .
only slightly peeved , she claims to be a single writer , the two flirt and then decide it would be a swell idea if they went on the trip up the mountain together .
when they stop by her place so she can pack her bags , mario suddenly hears loud , sinister music .
delia claims he 's just hearing things .
so the two begin their trip up the mountain , taking a stop at a local inn to spend the night .
there they encounter a weird , partially - deaf , crazy - eyed innkeeper ( victor israel ) and delia claims someone was spying on here through her window .
the next day , under some trance , she wanders off up the mountain and is eventually located by mario , who hops out of his jeep and runs after her .
while he 's finding out what 's up , someone steals their wheels and they 're forced to walk a piece , eventually finding the jeep undamaged at the foot of a small , ancient , seeming abandoned village ...
almost like someone was trying to intentionally lure them there .
well as we will see , that 's exactly what has happened .
in the village they encounter a friendly old woman named zanta ( ana farra ) who claims she 's the only person still living there and lets them stay in her home .
mario takes some pictures of the " abandoned " city and when he develops them they are eerily full of people .
slightly creeped out , he and delia begin to leave and get stuck in " treacherous " fog and have to pull over and camp out for the night .
the rest of the movie has to do with voodoo dolls , black cats transforming into sexy women , satanic rituals performed by ladies in their bras and a deadly fall off a cliff .
and yeah , coincidentally carla the estranged wife turns out to be one of the witches , too .
it all takes place in semi - darkness and to be quite honest , i did n't know what the hell was going on most of the time .
the inconclusive " open " ending is just an additional slap in the face to anyone having to suffer through the rest of this senseless mess .
honestly , there are just a few things that stand out to me as being really good .
the first is actress shepard , who has that great barbara steele kind of dark , mysterious beauty .
there 's also an excellent music score ( credited to fernando garcia morcillo ) and chanting songs , which aided immensely in making this film as atmospheric as it is .
the location work is fairly decent , but as i said , the print is ugly as can be
and it does n't make a lick of sense , so proceed with caution on this one .
5 minutes into this movie i was hyperventilating , shaking , and writhing in pain .
and not in the good way .
the story is about a troupe of idiotic children making prank phone calls to a psycho which is always a good idea .
turns out psychos do n't like prank phone calls because in 2 minutes time he 's at their door killing poor williams mom and dad .
well skip ahead 15 years and guess what ?
still prank phone calling people .
yep you would of thought that a horrible murder would of deterred them from doing that ever again
but no .
so after about two hours later and way too many scream ripoffs i realized that this movie gave me nothing but a terrible taste in my mouth and a severe urge to take my own life .
this piece of crap is n't even worth laughing at the shoddy production , the " acting " , or rutger haurs dwindling career .
i love crappy horror movies but this is the most unsatisfying piece i 've ever seen .
just do n't .
there are only two movies i would give a 1/10 to , this stinker and " the man who fell to earth .
" i remember seeing protocol at a theater in the early 80s when i was in high school .
the script is insulting to anyone ( including a high school student 's ) intelligence .
it completely lost me with the " hillarious " gag of someone getting shot in the butt .
goldie hawn is supposed to be charming but comes across as vapid and moronic .
then there are offensive stereotypes about arabs , followed by goldie winning over everyone by spouting populist dribble .
the acting was terrible , including goldie hawn 's .
i could not stand to see another movie she was in until imo
she redeemed herself in everyone
says i love you .
this is the kind of movie you make if you want to put no effort into screenplay writing .
the worst .
i only watched this movie because i was so impressed with olivier martinez in swat .
but this is no swat .
swat had a plot and some likable characters and made sense .
bullfighter had none of these .
i should have realized that it could n't possibly be any good , after all , the always painfully bad michelle forbes had a starring role .
one poster here called the movie incoherent .
another called it the worst movie ever .
both gave the movie far too much credit .
i am so glad i got it from the library for free , yet i still feel ripped off .
imdb needs to include a " 0 " in the " rate this film " vote , just for movies like this one .
after what i thought was a masterful performance of two roles in man from snowy river , why was kirk douglas replaced by brian dennehy in the sequel ?
it just was n't the same without spur and harrison , as portrayed by douglas .
maybe he recognized how poor the plot was -- jim returns after extended absence , to find jessica being pursued by another man .
he could not expect any girl to wait that long with no contact from him , and not find competition .
for a disney movie , this contains foul language , plus the highly unnecessary part when jim & jessica shacked up without being married -- very lame .
quite an insult to viewer intelligence , according to members of my family .
i 'll stick with the first one , and try to forget i ever saw the sequel !
i 'm a big fan of movies that make you think .
i 'm still thinking long and hard about this one , fully seven minutes after the credits have rolled .
what 's really confounding my neurons is the attempt to fathom the relevance to the plot of the naked girlie fondling her slick oily body , made extra - tacky by being filmed on cheap video .
this happens three times and i was certain it would be explained in the end .
i put my trust in the film - makers that this lurid attempt to lure viewers would be justified .
it was not .
the movie has to be the most apathetic i 've come across in the genre .
the sets look like a cross between a 1970s
who set and someone 's ill - formed idea of a sponge - painted living room .
the lighting is unimaginative ( if your sets are going to be that bad , at least film them in semi - darkness to hide the plasterboard and create some ambiance ) .
of the abducted quartet , the girl stands out as being particularly lame , but none of them is given a personality .
the aliens ' plans for world domination are just plain silly - all they need is a birth control pill and their problems are solved .
most of the movie consists of people running down corridors .
yes , it really is that exciting .
the " ray gun " special effect is ... curious , to say the least ( what use is a weapon that takes a 15-second concentrated blast to kill , and even then the guy comes back for more ? ) .
the script is like a bad episode of the a - team , and the ladies ' hairstyles come from the same era , so they look like school teachers instead of an advance team of murderous alien invaders .
when we finally get to see what the aliens really look like , they 're in suspended animation and never even get out of their boxes .
the resolution of the story - traitor alien simply has a few words with invading fleet commander and without a second thought he heads home - is truly the sign of a writer who 's never had an idea more complex than a saturday morning cartoon ( i mean the bad ones with no plot , action , or characterization ) in his or her life .
but seriously , what is with the naked chick ? !
was it really just so they could justify putting flesh on the dvd cover to boost sales ?
unless you understand wretched excess this movie wo n't really mean much to you .
an attempt was made to interject a bit of humanity into a cold and bleak period consumed by alcohol and drugs -- it does n't work .
when salma hayak does her big disco number
her voice is so obviously dubbed it is pathetic -- the producers could at least have gotten someone that sounded remotely like her .
the documentary that has been playing on television lately is far superior and gives a much truer view of that period of our history .
no one , with the exception of mikey myers , could be accused of acting ; however , he does an incredible job .
the producers of this film offer to pay funeral expenses for anyone who dies of fright while watching this movie .
they should have offered intensive psychotherapy for anyone who really enjoyed this stinker .
a young couple moves into a house , where a woman who looks like the woman from the couple lived .
extremely boring , and very predictable .
in the end i ended up not caring about anyone in this movie .
avoid this one at all costs .
why oh why ca n't anyone make a decent film out of a legendary tale ?
this is the second adaptation of " beowulf " i 've been disappointed with in a year .
but i have to say , the previous version ( " beowulf & grendel " , starring gerald butler ) was far superior to this .
that one was only a little disappointing .
this one is a mess ! ! !
what bugged me most ?
was it the useless plot elements they added in for no particular reason ( human sacrifices ?
pointless love interest ? ) , or the bad cgi , or the inconsistency of the characters or the uninspired acting ?
even worse was the way they made beautiful marina sirtis look so horrible ! ! !
and lets not even talk about that ridiculous crossbow ?
and why did they continually remind us that beowulf had the strength of 30 men , and yet he never showed the slightest sign of such strength throughout the entire film .
he was tossed around by both monsters he fought , relying on his sidekicks to save his bacon .
even when he slugged the arrogant prince , he did n't knock him out .
he was much too reliant on weapons .
beo - wimp is more like it .
this was certainly not the powerful beowulf of the epic poem !
i 'd like to end this on a positive note
but i ca n't really think of one offhand .
all i can say is , if you 've ever read " beowulf " ,
you 'll be infinitely disappointed by this dismal , inaccurate excuse for an adaptation !
yes , this was pure unbelievable condescending babble .
we know that the french often have a skewed idea of the usa , it 's puritanism and views towards sex .
as an american ( hoosier ) who lives in france , i have ample opportunity to observe these attitudes .
and while some of these preconceived notions may be true , not one element of the midwestern town portrayed in this film rang real .
a man who has never had sex because he was told in high school 20 years prior that his penis is too big ?
where in the world would you find that ?
a juke box in a bar that plays only vintage bluegrass ?
a town with maybe 16 people less than two hours away from chicago , but with no major gas station , no tvs in the home , no mcdonalds , no kids ...
a population that knows each other 's intimate details yet relentlessly gets together like one big family that hates each other .
the adult males plant whoopee cushions at the local cafe , have farms but do n't harvest , kill the guy they do n't like in front of everyone and seem to get away with it , and all with equal emotion ?
the liberated french girl who will screw the 17 year old virgin boy because of her sexual generosity , the too much flesh guy who goes from getting off in cornfields by the mere breath of an illinois breeze to helping deflower this same 17 year old farm boy ?
help !
i am so baffled and astounded by the absurdity of this film that i am not expressing clearly how ridiculous it is .
go see it for the a - to - z primer on what to avoid .
gosh , i hope i did n't ruin it for you !
i remember i loved this movie when it came out .
i was 12 years old , had a commodore 64 and loved to play rambo on it .
i was therefore really thrilled when i got to buy this movie really cheap .
i put it in my vcr and started up : man this movie is really bad !
sylvester stallone says like 3 words in the entire movie ( except for that awful sentimental speech at the end ) , and has the same expression on his face all the way .
and that stupid love thing in the middle , it 's just so amazingly predictable .
i just ended up fast forwarding the entire thing and went to exchange the movie for something else .
while watching this movie , i came up with a script for a movie , called " the making of 10 items or less":producer : i 've got good news and bad news .
the good news is , we can get morgan
freeman!writer : that 's great !
but what 's the bad news?producer : we can only afford to hire him for one day .
i guess we 'll have to get someone else .
writer :
so we hire him for one day .
a movie is an hour and a half long .
a work day is eight hours long .
i fail to see a problem .
producer :
but ... he 'll have to spend time getting into character .
writer :
so we have him play a character who is essentially himself .
producer :
but he 'll still need to understand his motivation and all that .
you 're not saying we have him play a big - name actor that 's doing a low - budget movie , are you?writer :
why not?producer : that 's ridiculous !
but fine , at least we 'll have morgan freeman in our movie .
and i guess we have to set the movie in los angeles too .
writer :
of course .
producer :
this script is a load of crap .
we 'd better make money on this .
just in case , have morgan freeman 's character plug wal - mart or target or one of those stores , so at least someone will want to sell the dvds .
writer :
sure thing!producer
: wait a second ...
what 's this about a tiny bodega with a " ten items or less
" express lane?writer :
oh , i guess that is pretty weird .
but we ca n't change the title now!i
doubt my script actually bears much resemblance to reality , but then neither did " 10 items or less " .
this is a case of good acting , but bad writing , and i hate to see it happen .
when watching an independent movie , you expect it to try to convey some sort of message .
i think they might have been trying for the tired old
" do n't let anything hold you back " message that has been done to death in much better films .
in any case , with " 10 items or less " , the only message i got was " look !
look at morgan freeman ! "
my comments on this movie have been deleted twice , which i find pretty offending , since i am making an effort to judge this movie for other people .
please be tolerant of other people 's opinion .
obviously writing in the spirit of nietzsches works is not understood , so ill change my comment completely .
i think this is a really bad movie for several reasons .
subject : one should be very careful in making a movie about a philosopher
that is even today not understood by the masses and amongst peers brings out passionate discussions .
one thing philosophers do agree on is that nietzsche was a great thinker .
so making a movie about his life , which obviously includes his ' ideas ' is a thing one should be extremely careful with , or preferably , do n't do at all .
wisdom starts with knowing what you do n't know .
one might think this is not a review of the movie itself , but the movie is not about an imaginary character , it is about the life of someone who actually lived and had / has great influence on the world of yesterday , today and tomorrow .
if someone tells a story about a tomato , i can express my thoughts about the story itself , but also about the chosen subject , the tomato .
there is a responsibility for producers when they make a movie about actual facts .
specially in a case like this and this responsibility was not taken .
screenplay : one of the first things i noticed were the ridiculous accents .
it distracts from what it should be about ; nietzsche and the truths he found .
it does n't help putting things in a right geographical perspective or time !
come on , make it proper english or better yet ;
german !
even mel gibson got that part right ... letting his characters speak some gibberish aramaic in the passion .
secondly , it is well over - acted.3d , assante is not an actor to depict nietzsche .
bad casting.4th , facts are way off .
and so on .
its a waste of celluloid .
as a writer i find films this bad making it into production a complete slap in the face .
talk about insulting .
i was writing better stories than this in 8th grade .
bad acting , bad writing , bad directing and when added all together the result is complete and total failure .
the only thing this movie manages to accomplish is tricking the unsuspecting consumer into wasting their time .
who would green light something so poorly written ?
it 's not
artistic , clever , smart , suspenseful , mysterious , scary , dramatic - nothing.the characters are flat and boring with no development .
the plot is as recycled as an aluminum can .
they somehow managed to cast a few very familiar actors who all must be pretty desperate for work or hoping one of these low budget independent movies will turn out to be the next " pulp fiction " .
this script should have been used to line a bird cage , not a movie .
oh and last but not least , a 5'2 105 lb woman of course has the strength to kill men and women twice her size without a struggle and in a single blow .
avoid this bomb like it will infect you with an std .
boring , badly written italian exploitation flick .
lots of nudity , gore and awful acting .
the werewolf makeup was the only thing that would raise a laugh .
complete rubbish - even for fans of cheesy italian horror .
please avoid .
i am still shuddering at the thought of ever seeing this movie again .
i have seen action films , i have even liked quite a few of them , but this one goes over the top .
not only does it have the worst male actor ever
( sly stallone ) playing the lead role , but the plot of the movie is so stupid from the beginning ( why not rob the money while the plane is on the ground , would be hell of a lot easier ) that it requires a person with iq less than his shoenumber to believe it .
furthermore , the plot has no real twists at all , a three year old kid could guess what comes next .
it is a set of cliches ( of action genre ) , with sly performing even worse than his other movies ( he was better even in rambo iii if you watch that movie as a comedy rather than action film ) .
now there is an actor who ca n't act a )
surprised b )
sad c )
anything else than his basic face .
i would still like to point out that this movie has two factors that might make some people like it .
explosions are outstanding , but then ... you can see better on the 4th of july .
landscapes are magnificient , but then ... there are documentaries about the alps and himalayas , so you can see better sights that way , rather than waste time on this flick .
go watch some other movie instead , there are hundreds , even thousands better action movies .
because some people , like me , like to know everything about a movie even if they plan to see it , including the ending .
anyway , here 's the ending as i remember it , because i could n't have been more than 8 yrs old when i saw it for the first and only time on tv .
but i 'll tell ya , it sure scared the little kid that i was , and i thought about it for days afterward , and it still stands out in my mind to this day , even though some of the details are a little vague .
abe vigoda was in this movie ?
i do n't remember that !
i did n't even remember that ol' barnabus was in this movie , and i loved dark shadows .
so , at the end , the lead character ( belinda montgomery ? ) is lured by the judge ( joseph cotton , i 'm guessing , even though i remember it as him being an old family physician or something instead of a judge ; see how memory fades ? ) to the wedding place , which as i remember it is in a cavern of some kind ?
maybe i 've got that wrong ; and shelley winters is there laughing , and the judge has a cape on , and the camera angle is kind of looking up at him , and he throws back the cloak , and he has goat legs , and he announces he 's actually her father , the devil , and she 's played right into their ( the satanic cult 's ) hands , because the " mortal " guy she has fallen in love with ( i guess that 's robert foxworth ) turns out also to be the guy satan wants to marry her off to , the demon with yellow eyes , and yep
, sure enough , they show robert foxworth , and his eyes glow yellow .
there are a lot of close - ups in the last few minutes of the film .
everyone is laughing and rejoicing , except for belinda montgomery , who is very unhappy , and cries or screams or something , and that 's the end .
the bad guys win .
well , i could n't even enjoyed this movie much for its cult values .
it 's a b - movie action - flick , by the director of " commando " , that is however far too lame and silly to consider it a good b - movie with enough entertainment value in it .
it 's an ' 90 's flick
but foremost the movie should remind of an ' 80 's action movie , when these type of b - movies were at an all time high .
these movies always went over - the - top and never paid much attention to its story or acting .
it was all about blowing stuff up , big muscle heroes and bullets flying around .
this movie has all of that ingredients in it
but yet i really did n't liked watching this movie as much as i like watching some similar type of movies .
hard to say why really , since the story and acting and such are just as bad as would be the case in basically any other genre movie from the same era .
it 's probably because the movie is being often far too silly .
all these type of movies have its silly moments but this movie is just filled with it .
the fighting , dolph lundgren running around shirtless , the characters , the story .
it all just is n't very good because it 's often just too lame for words .
the story at times is n't even trying to make a bit sense and what 's even the main plot - line of the overall movie ?
its story is all over the place really and seems only to be written to create a movie out of with fighting sequences , gun fights and such .
and those sequences are n't even much good to watch really .
the moments are way too short and quite disappointing to watch really , from the man who brought us " commando" .
it 's foremost a dolph lundgren , in which he gets to play the big action hero star , who kicks butt with seemingly relative ease , knows how to handle guns and other weapons and of course also gets the girl , played by tia carrere .
this all also brings us one of the worst montage sequence in action movie history and also definitely one of the worst sex sequence i have seen in any movie really .
both are just too lame for words and just very poorly put together .
none of the characters work out really .
the good guys are cops but they never seem to behave like one .
they simply kill around without having to face responsibility to anyone and they are not very keen on making any arrest , or to inform anyone about their discoveries .
not even when they find out a big japanese crime syndicate is trying to take over the streets of l.a. and a beer brewery is working as a cover for a drugs factory and large scale drugs smuggling .
and also just think about it for a moment , what is brandon lee 's overall purpose in the movie ?
the movie could had easily done without him and the girl as well .
too silly , lame and simplistic and just not entertaining enough.4/10
this film ca n't make up its mind whether its message is " humans are evil and bad and animals are sweet and blameless " or " do n't ever go in the water again . "
a fisherman ( nolan ) is out to nab a killer whale , a very bad thing , but when he accidentally ( accidentally mark you ) hits a pregnant cow instead of her mate , the cow --
and i use the word in all senses -- who is obviously a sick psycho - bitch and the canonical villain of the piece
-- throws herself against the propellers trying to chew herself to bits in the most distressing and hideous not to mention ineffectual method of killing herself .
( i doubt it was her first . )
when her unborn fetus aborts from her hideous self - inflicted wounds , her mate goes mental with revenge and swears to hurt , kill and mutilate every human who even so much as talks to nolan .
obviously as among humans , total psychos date other total psychos .
the film reeks of half - thought out anti - human message , " the poor poor whale ! !
the evil men must suffer and die ! "
and yet , it does not succeed in demonizing nolan at all .
it 's true that when he set out his motives were selfish and cruel , but at the first squeal of the first whale he grows a heart and , as the film progresses , he grows more and more compassionate to the whale 's pain until it seems he will walk out on the ice and give himself to the whale , just to make it feel a little better .
the films final journey , in which nolan follows the whale on a bizarre journey to the north , reminds me of melville 's eerie man - whale connection , and for a moment hinted at a truly interesting conclusion , where these two husbands might connect , understand even respect each other in their own grief , for nolan lost his wife and unborn child also to an accident .
it 's clear nolan respects the whale and feels for its loss .
however , it never goes there .
the whale - character has no compassion or respect for anyone .
the final scene loses this focus and becomes jaws - like where the sea - monster finally kills everybody and nolan and no - doubt through an oversight , fails to chomp up the whale - hugger ( tho he made a good snap for her head a little earlier . )
i love animals , and i detest whaling , and what is more i love orca whales , but if this film 's goal was to make me feel that the whale was the victim and that people are evil and detestable it completely failed .
nolan shows compassion and growth , and feels for others , and all the whale thinks about is killing and maiming .
the only message one can walk away with is " if you see an orca whale , ever , anywhere , run the other way cause if you step on his fin the wrong way , he will hunt you to the ends of the earth destroying everything around you . "
average viewers looking for any sense of internal coherence in a film should probably give this one a pass .
it generates the same feeling as staring at a curious array of individual images that seem to have some relationship one to another , but never coalesce into a totality .
while this isolative approach to creating a kind of cinematic montage may appeal to a few students or critics steeped in the inside language of contemporary filmmaking , it is flatly irritating and condescending to us commoners who just fell off the haywagon .
an overt avoidance of accessibility may be the intentional hallmark of auteurs like kar - wai wong and tarantino , but to me it comes across as andy warhol warmed over .
the only redeeming characteristic i find is in the production values , and them there just ai n't going to cut it all by themselfs .
this is one of those productions in which you watch and listen and wait anxiously and in vain for some clever development of an idea or thought to sustain all the remarkable and beautiful individual scenes .
sorry .
the calligraphic credits unexpectedly begin to roll just as your interest begins to stir .
i get the same big yawn and let - down reading what i guess are very knowledgeable and thorough comments about this film that never lead to anything truly comprehensible .
ideas and images without some external context are not my idea of fun .
call me a philistine roaming the streets of hong kong looking for a bowl of chop suey .
without a doubt tommy 's the evil one here .
i do n't know why , but for some reason , little kids in horror movies tend to come across as little butt munches .
and since they 're kids , they wo n't die .
because they 're annoying ...
well .. except for asylum of terror .
but those are few and far between .
anyway onto the movie .
ca n't find this movie on dvd ?
sure you can !
all you have to do is buy the chilling classics dvd pack !
not only do you get metamorphosis on dvd for $ 15 , but you also get 49 other movies !
what a bargain !
i 'm done advertising for these cheesy movies .
let 's just say , this movie ai n't worth the 15 bucks on its own .
so we have a chemist scientist .
yeah .
cause all chemist scientists look as handsome as this guy playing peter .
he 's trying to come up with a serum to stop deterioration of the body .
the college he works at wants to pull the plug on his project , so he tries it on himself .
but because this is a horror movie , he sucks it up and starts and incredibly long transformation sequence that takes nearly 3/4 of the movie .
to pad out the movie he gets into a relationship with some woman who has a son .
and she was never married !
scandalous !
but of course tommy is one of the most irritating characters ....
i take it back .
he is the most irritating character .
far worse than the old crippled guy who wants to take over peter 's work and gloats over him while he 's in the hospital .
that 's right , even as an old cripple , you can still be the villain .
so we see peter start to randomly kill some people in visions he has until he realizes he 's the one doing it
and just decides to kill everyone in his path to get back to normal .
however at the end he ends up de - evolving into a lizard .
yeah ,
i know do n't ask .
the ending really does n't make any sense .
and if you 're hoping for any really good payoff , you 're not going to get it .
this is n't a horrible movie ....
it 's just frustrating because of the lack of a good payoff .
if you already own the 50 movie pack and this is next on your list , you 're not in for a snoozer , but you 're also not in for a great movie .
just sit back , relax , and eat a lot of snack food .
because this movie is n't going to be making you jump out of your skin anytime soon .
metamorphosis gets 4 plastic lizard heads , out of 10 .
for daniel auteuil , ` queen margot ' was much better .
for nastassja kinski , ` paris , texas ' was much better .
the biggest disappointments were from chris menges ( ` crisscross ' and ` a world
apart ' can not even be compared with this one ) , and goran bregovic for use of a version of the same musical theme from ` queen margot ' for this movie
( attention to the end of the film ) .
if this was an american pop movie , i would not feel surprised at all ; but for a european film with more independent actors and director , a similar common approach about child abuse with no original insight is very simple - minded and disappointing .
there are those bad guys who kidnap and sell the underage people .
there are those poor children who hate people selling them and wait to be saved by someone .
and finally , there is that big hero who kills all the bad guys and saves these poor children from bad guys .
every character is shown in simple black and white terms : the good versus the evil .
plus , from the very beginning , i could understand how the story would end .
is this the end of the history of child sexual abuse ?
i believe that the difficult issue of child molestation and paedophilia is much more complex than how it is portrayed in this not very original movie .
i think this movie was not disturbing , but very disappointing .
becky harris plays the female shopper whose misfortune it is to be in the store at the wrong time and obviously only purpose to be in this film is to supply a reason to wear out remote controls !
miss harris seems to me to be in her fifties or older when she first comes on the scene .
once the red haired thug is done with her it becomes apparent that this is no aarp queen .
if these are not some of the finest assets ever displayed on celluloid , i want someone to clue me in .
absolutely breathtaking in my opinion
and i literally wore out my vhs copy capturing her charms .
i would like to know if this movie is available on dvd.the rest of this movie really is not worthy of mention .
i was hoping to see something fairly convincing and intelligent , however i was disappointed on both counts .
god bless becky harris !
i was searching through hollywood video last night with a friend trying to find a good - looking horror movie to watch over the new year 's weekend .
as i was looking through the shelves , " severed " spotted my eye , and i grabbed it off the shelf
and it looked like it might be a decent b - grade horror movie .
the cover looked fairly good .
the plot sounded semi - interesting .
so i rented it .
what a mistake .
do n't be fooled by the cover , which actually looks decent .
i 'm thinking that more money was spent on the cover artwork than the movie itself .
the film follows two police detectives who are tracking down a voodoo - inspired , ritualistic serial killer called " the head hunter " , who is decapitating victims left and right in some unnamed city ( probably los angeles ) , and they become drawn into his world of ritualized murder .
story sound somewhat good ?
well , it is , and this movie could 've been halfway decent .
but good god , it was bad !
almost everything about it was laughable .
the opening scene features some redheaded actress in a car trying to talk on this huge , outdated cell phone , and for whatever reason , she goes outside and talks to some guy .
then , a shadow comes up behind them , hacks off his head , and the girl drops to the ground and starts crawling ( for absolutely no reason ) while trying to dial 911 .
sound ridiculous ?
yep , you bet it is .
the entire movie looks like it was filmed on a vhs - quality camera , and i 'm assuming it was .
the acting was mostly awful , and the special effects were far from believable .
and the scenes with the policemen on the phone were awful - the voice on the other line was echoing and it sounded like it was being recorded in someone 's bathroom .
everything about this movie was simply amateurish and tedious , and it did n't hold my interest for very long , and i often found myself bored and tired , mostly because of the bad acting and the horrible cinematography .
the pacing was bad .
everything was just bad .
overall , " severed " is a failed attempt at what could have been a decent b - movie .
the plot was good
and i think if this film had been handled better and had a higher budget , it could 've been alright .
but this movie fell flat on it 's face .
if you 're expecting something semi - decent , you 'll be sorely disappointed .
only recommended if you can tolerate d - grade horror flicks .
otherwise , you 'll probably want to stay away from this straight - to - video garbage .
it had a little potential , but it was beyond a mess .
1/10 .
the story line has been rehashed a number of times ; " a breath of life in the retirement home " .
several plays , movies , novels , short stories , poems and news articles have beat the subject to no end , but it 's still an excellent platform for character studies .
if ' gideon ' was crafted more enthusiastically it could be brilliant , but the dialogue is painfully boring and the story is absolutely flooded with cliches ( even the subtitle and summary of gideon 's " simple wisdom " almost made me laugh in its ineffectiveness ) .
mostly indifferent acting is the final straw for this weak film , but the rest of it is bland enough to make the actors ' lack of focus almost irrelevant .
this mindless movie is a piece of crap and boring like the full house repetitions .
for all the people who want to see a great , exciting and cool horror movie should n't even think about watching this bunch of mindless work .
a f- in my opinion .
i have one question , what were they thinking ?
let 's make a list : 1 ) bad script 2 ) bad script 3 ) bad script 4 ) bad acting 5 )
bad directing and last but not least a bad script .
i mean i am not like grumping about every movie , but i was disappointed when i watched it .
this movie should be banned into a box , locked and sunk down into the sea .
so please do n't do something like this again , please , please , please ! ! ! !
shocking!in 1965 i saw jury gagarin alive .
he was sincere , unpretentious and kindly , he was at ease and looked like well - educated and intellectual person .
in this movie i saw a clown !
the actor looks like dummy with affected gestures and mimicry .
they made a cartoon !
the real gagarin was someone else !
do n't believe in this movie!i
saw this movie after the movies like " taming of fire " and " apollo 13 " and after reading books " rockets and people " by chertok and " korolev : myths and facts " by golovanov .
i was shocked by tiresome scenario , poor acting and producing , and a lots of inexactitudes of " space race" .
the movie is the tedious rendering of well - known in russia historical facts .
a lots of interesting known facts of the space projects was not demonstrated .
some facts and details were perverted .
for example , in 1945 korolev was already not a prisoner ( liberated in 1944 ) , and in 1940 he was already not in kolyma prison gold mine , but in special prison design bureau .
korolev was the designer in prison design bureau and he was not buried the dead prisoners .
but in the movie korolev worked as grave digger after 1940 ( because jailer have shoulder straps on uniform ) .
imho , the authors of movie have no profound knowledge about this part of the history and they ca n't to make interesting movies .
as with many other pop - culture franchise series , this line just did n't know when to quit .
instead of leaving things as they were perfectly ended , they went on to generate this ; the first installment of this franchise to fall sorely short of the mark .
this movie should never have happened .
it was not intended for there to have been a fourth movie in this line , and it sure shows .
the premise is idiotic and the portrayals were the same .
after the wonderful experience which was the omen , this was a major disappointment which stank of 70 's cheese and horrible acting .
it was reminiscent of the amityville horror in those aspects , and left a terrible , lingering stench long after it was over .
it rates a 1.4/10 from ... the fiend : .
this is not a horror film , but a boring sex movie .
a very bad movie , to be avoided by any serious horror fan .
no plot , awful acting and annoying music .
if you only watch the trailer you will know enough ...
it 's a shame that such thing is available on vhs or video while there are so many good movies unavailable .
if you like vampires try the hammer productions or the italian gothic from mario bava and antonio margheriti instead .
those are masterpieces if you compare this with this trash .
rating = even " 1 " is too much !
and believe me , i am not the only one with this opinion .
although i rated this movie a 2 for showing a complete lack of effort in trying to create a quality horror film it was a 10 on the unintentional funny scale .
i could n't figure out what was going on in the movie or who the people were
but i did n't care because i knew every scene was going to have something to make me cry with laughter .
dialogue is a minimum throughout the movie
but i believe this is because they started filming without a script .
the fact that there is no plot line makes the movie extremely versatile .
it does n't matter if you sit down and watch the movie from beginning to end or if you watch it in rewind you will be confused with enjoyment .
i particularly like the scene in which the inmates are taking turns running around outside beating each other with sticks .
i believe the doctor refers to this as treatment .
genius !
woody allen has lost his ability to write dialogue or characters that are clearly distinguishable from each other .
this is the case with " melinda and melinda , " where all the characters speak with allen 's generic pseudo - sophistication and have problems and points of view that are not relatable to anyone outside of a four block radius of where allen lives .
they also share the same curious condition of being able to afford multi - million dollar manhattan apartments that appear to have been designed by professional decorators regardless of their financial situation or what they do for a living .
the only character who exists outside of this dull mindset is will ferrel as the obligatory woody allen surrogate .
although he does not simply come off as merely doing a woody allen impression ( like kenneth branagh in the god - awful " celebrity " ) , ferrel lacks the charm or charisma that the real woody had when he was playing the part himself in his best movies .
the end result is another in a string of self indulgent bores from a once - great filmmaker who has been trading in on his former reputation for years .
although it 's an r rated movie , i really doubt that you 'll really enjoy it unless you 're a teenagerwhy ?
because there 's no real plot , no character development , no funny jokes .
the only thing that this movie has plenty of is nudity .
tons and tons of naked or almost naked chicks ( pretty nice ones i might add ) to feast your eyes on .
i really ca n't understand why this movie has the american pie title since it 's only a bad combination between an erotic movie and a comedy without succeeding in being either of them .
my suggestion is to watch this movie only if you want to see some naked chicks , but you 're too shy to rent / buy an erotic movie .
gave it 1/10 for the 2 smiles i had in the entire movie and another 2/10 for the nice chicks
hollywood hotel was the last movie musical that busby berkeley directed for
warner bros. his directing style had changed or evolved to the point that this film does not contain his signature overhead shots or huge production numbers with thousands of extras .
by the last few years of the thirties , swing - style big bands were recording the year 's biggest popular hits .
the swing era , also called the big band era , has been dated variously from 1935 to 1944 or 1939 to 1949 .
although it is impossible to exactly pinpoint the moment that the swing era began , benny goodman 's engagement at the palomar ballroom in los angeles in the late summer of 1935 was certainly one of the early indications that swing was entering the consciousness of mainstream america 's youth .
when goodman featured his swing repertoire rather than the society - style dance music that his band had been playing , the youth in the audience went wild .
that was the beginning , but , since radio , live concerts and word of mouth were the primary methods available to spread the phenomena , it took some time before swing made enough inroads to produce big hits that showed up on the pop charts .
in hollywood hotel , the appearance of benny goodman and his orchestra and raymond paige and his orchestra in the film indicates that the film industry was ready to capitalize on the shift in musical taste ( the film was in production only a year and a half or so after goodman 's palomar ballroom engagement ) .
there are a few interesting musical moments here and there in hollywood hotel , but except for benny goodman and his orchestra 's " sing , sing , sing , " there is n't a lot to commend .
otherwise , the most interesting musical sequences are the opening " hooray for hollywood " parade and " let that be a lesson to you " production number at the drive - in restaurant .
the film is most interesting to see and hear benny goodman and his orchestra play and dick powell and frances langford sing .
everybody just seems to be raving about the subject , and not really noticing how the movie was made .
the deaf , mute guy is fine , the underdog wins -
that 's good , the cricket aspect is great , but the movie is average overall .
i think it could be made much much better than it is .
the plot is too predictable for a movie that is not based on a real life event .
i 'm sure the movie could have been made more interesting .
the songs are just stuffed in there , and i had to literally forward the scenes where the same thing would be shown from different angles .
good acting , though .
watchable .
vovochka is your everyday hooligan vs authority movie .
vovochka , the main character , is branded early as a bad influence on the children in the neighborhood .
with the words of wisdom from a couple of grownups he meets along the way , he finds changing his mischievous ways hard , yet worthy of doing .
personally , i found actor who played vovochka too annoying to sympathize with , however the change of tone of the movie would allow most to feel the emotional struggle vovochka has when he wants to be good but bad things still happen .
this struggle makes the movie a little different than other movies of the same genre , that 's the little flavor i meant .
all in all , i did not really care for this movie , although it was most likely aimed for a younger audience .
because that is the only way you wo n't think this film is a total waste of time and money .
a remake of " heaven can wait " , ( which was at least worth watching ) is a poor excuse for a romantic comedy .
it is more a vehicle to give rock some time on film for weak stand up comedy which does n't play well on the big screen .
especially because his jokes generally are supposed to be from the body of an old , fat , rich , dead man but are shown coming from rock himself .
as he insults blacks and whites the chemistry is all wrong .
the movie is not funny , poorly shot the acting is weak at best .
go rent " heaven can wait " and a live rock video
and you 'll be way ahead of the game .
i saw this movie a few years back on the bbc i sat thru it .
i do n't know , this is way up there in the " so bad it'good " charts
kidman , baldwin , and pullman must cringe when they see it now .
i think woody allen would have worked wonders with the outlandish plot , and baldwin 's part could have been played with gusto by leslie nelson.it
was on again
tonight i tried to watch it again but life 's too short .
the few minutes i watched was for the lovely nicole
she was so hot around 93 , has baldwin ever made a good movie ?
pullman played his stock in trade " nice but dim " character the f - word coming out of his mouth when the lady from " frasier " miscast ed as a detective accuses him of murder sounds so wrong .
stay well away .
even if you 're a huge sandler fan , please do n't bother with this extremely disappointing comedy !
i bought this movie for $ 7.99 , assuming it has to be at least halfway decent since my man sandler is in it and because i assumed some women would get naked ( judging by the r - rating and scantily - clad women on the cover ) .
well , there are quite a few scantily - clad women , but none get naked .
i 'm not sure what point this was in sandler 's career , but i 'm guessing it was even before his snl days .
i can be wrong .
this is like watching one of his home movies .
he might look back at a cheesy movie like this and reminisce about the good ol' times ...
but we ( the audience ) are left to dry .
this is hardly a " movie " !
sandler does a lot of talking to the camera , and even admits at one point that this is " no - budget " movie ( that 's right , not a low - budget movie , a no - budget movie ) .
so our job is pretty much to laugh at the quirky characters .
there is no steady plot , it 's like an extended sketch comedy show -- but a crude and badly written one .
that guy who played the nasty comedian was completely annoying and it was implausible in the first place that he would receive such a mass audience .
and sandler finds his comic inspiration by saying the one classic henny youngman line " take my wife , please " and the audience is on the floor ?
i 'm not even going to try to make any logic here .
sure , sandler 's current and recent movies are not known for making a lot of sense (
the penguin in " billy madison , " the midget in " happy gilmore 's " happy place ) but the comedy works .
this is a strictly amateurish work , and even if you 're curious about adam 's early days in film -- you still wo n't be interested .
you 're better off checking out his start on snl or maybe his underrated role in " mixed nuts .
" of course , the sandman is not the only actor wasted in this thankless vehicle .
billy bob thornton also makes a short appearance , billy zane ( " titanic " ) has a supporting role and the great burt young ( from the " rocky " movies ) has a significant role .
this awful comedy will most probably be collecting dust on the 99-cent rental section of your local video store -- and rightfully so .
my score : 3 ( out of 10 )
fans of creature feature films have to endure a lot of awful movies lately .
blood surf shamelessly joins the list of stupid , redundant pulp - horror titles about ridiculously big animals that want to turn the food chain upside down .
crocodiles are particularly successful as we already had to struggle our way through the abysmal ' crocodile ' ( directed by a disappointing tobe hooper ) and ' lake placid ' .
blood surf is every bit as bad as these other films and  on top of that 
it likes to exaggerate tremendously .
the saltwater - crocodile supposedly is 90 years old , over 30 ft long ( ! )
and it kills for fun !
during the film , he amuses himself by devouring a bunch of utterly stupid surfer - dudes & dudettes who came to seek new thrills by surfing in a shark - congested area .
the only beautiful aspect about this film is the tropical location .
even though it 's a completely inappropriate setting for a film like this , the lagoons and nature looks marvelous .
every other aspect is simply disastrous .
there 's a quite a bit of gore but it all looks fake and laughable .
the dialogues are downright painful to listen to !
you wo n't believe some of the lines these actors have to say !
i know surfers are supposed to be a mentally underdeveloped group
but i hope for their own sake
they 're not that stupid !
early in the film , one of the characters refers to jaws as being a ' mechanical toy ' but the croc here looks at least 10 times less real than spielberg 's great white shark .
the visual effects in ' blood surf ' are amateurish and the massacres fail to impress .
i wo n't say too much about the acting since it 's secondary in flicks like this .
the girls look sexy in wet shirts and their boobs joyfully bounce while running away from the beast .
you guessed right : blood surf is a very bad film .
so bad it becomes fun again .
but ' funny ' for a whole other reason than james hickox intended .
it 's a good thing i did n't watch this while i was pregnant .
i definitely would have cried my eyes out and/or vomit .
it was kind of gruesome mainly disturbing .
i personally thought the baby was adorable in its own twisted little way .
however as a mom i cringed when beth stabbed herself in the stomach and when virgina aborted the child during her 3rd trimester with rusty utensils no less .
also , as an animal lover i almost cried when she scratched the cat to a bloody pulp .
however , as creepy and sinister as the baby was i was rooting for it to live .
and as twisted as the movie was i am extremely intrigued to see the sequel ......
.........
....... .........
.........
....... ...... .....
the tortuous emotional impact is degrading , whether adult or adolescent the personal values shown in this movie belong in a bad psychodrama if anywhere at all .
this movie has a plot , but it is all evil from start to end .
this is no way for people to act and degrades both sexes all the way through the movie .
teen killing - bad preteen sex - bad
emotional battering - bad animal cruelty - bad
psychological torture - bad parental neglect - bad the only merit if any is the excellent color shots of contrasting red , blond and green leaves a bad feeling for anyone that respects life and peace , what a bad mistake to make , or to watch ...
it is ugly
the movie seems disjointed and overall , poorly written .
the screenplay moves along as if 10 different people wrote it , and none of them were communicating with each other .
apparently they wanted to take a page from a miracle on 34th street ( the original ) type film , but it is done in such a poor way that the movie falls apart .
this film is for only the very young , and even they will see the fact that whoever scripted it knows little to nothing about baseball .
such as : 
when the angels are in dead last place , the owner does n't seem to care , nor is he bothered by the fact his manager just got into a fight with his pitcher 
on the mound
that he punched the team 's play by play announcer on live tv .
however , when the team is one game from winning the division , he gets bent out of shape over a story ( sourced by a 6 year old ) that the manager is getting help from a kid who claims to see real angels .
what sounds worse ?
a losing violent out of control manager whose team has lost 15 in a row ?
or a winning coach on the verge of the playoffs that is acting a bit eccentric and is helping foster kids ?
the owner 's reaction makes no sense .
and he 's moved to change his mind by maggie and her ' straight out of cliché land ' speech during a news conference.
the angels are supposed to be playing for the division in the final weekend series against the white sox , however at the end of the game the announcer 's keep saying the angels ' won the pennant " .
the pennant is not decided until someone wins the league championship , not the regular season division title.
whitt bass , the goofball pitcher is the starting pitcher and wins the game that breaks the angels losing streak  then is the starting pitcher 
the very next day. mel clark ( tony danza ) is said in the ninth inning to have thrown 156 pitches , in a low - scoring ballgame .
typically in low scoring games , the pitch count is much lower than this , usually around 80 - 90 pitches.
" al " the angel says at the end
" championships have to be won on their own " , even though he and his angels have been manipulating and fixing games throughout the whole second half of the season .
i could go on and on , as there are many other examples where the story is poorly written .
for younger kids ( under 10 ) , this movie may be entertaining .
it 's too bad 
done right
this could have been a classic .
done wrong like this
and it 's a forgettable mess that will forever live as a uhf / cable
saturday morning washout .
i just read a review defending this film because it had a low budget , now my take on things .
the cgi monsters was reasonable well animated but was implemented in the worst possible way .
the fight scenes were n't even fights it was just one shot of an actor then one shot of monster with very interaction at all .
when the monster did interact it looked like it was done in paintshop
in my opinion if you have a low budget you should use models and puppets .
they may not look as fancy but at least they interact
, just look at peter jacksons early films .
as for the acting beowulf did an descent job but the rest of the cast were either not trying or they forgot where they where .
the script seemed confused to me .
one minute they would be talking as if it were a modern day setting the next
you get drama club shakespeare speech .
i 'm not say it should be all ' ye ' and ' that it be '
but you need to find a cohesive balance so the lines sound like they come from the same person .
i did notice one part near the start when beowulf was quoting the old testament which would have been find
had he not spent the rest of the films talking about the gods and portents .
in short , this film is a very slightly polished turd , but a turn none the less .
if this film was a comedy , i would have given it a 10 .
oh my , where do i begin ?
put it this way -- i 've seen lots of terrible horror films , but this one makes troll 2 look like freakin ' saving private ryan .
it 's as if a group of porn filmmakers decided to make a horror film , changed their mind in midproduction and decided to do a comedy , then went back to horror , and then decided that they should have just stuck with porno ( softcore at that ) .
everything about this film is simply terrible : the musical score ( someone shoot the guy who invented the yamaha keyboard ) , the script , the directing , the cinematography , the acting .
there simply are no words to describe this .
oh wait , yes there are : holy $ * % ! .
to describe this film as garbage is unfair .
at least rooting through garbage can be an absorbing hobby .
this flick was neither absorbing nor entertaining .
kevin bacon can act superbly given the chance , so no doubt had an irs bill to settle when he agreed to this dire screenplay .
the mad scientist story of ' hollow man ' has been told before , been told better , and been told without resorting to so many ludicrously expensive special effects .
most of those special effects seem to be built around the transparent anatomical dolls of men , women and dogs you could buy in the early seventies .
in the uk they were marketed as ' the transparent man ( /woman / dog ) ' which is maybe where they got the title for this film .
clever special effects , dire script , non - existent plot .
i put this movie on in the hotel room to entertain my children the morning we were leaving to go home , because i had packed away all their toys .
( toddlers do n't like to watch " regis and kathie lee " or " the view . " )
my four year old found one scene funny , but told me the rest of it was " too silly .
" this is a four year old , folks .
anyone over the age of , say , nine will want to kill their television rather than let this one play itself out .
to say this movie is bad is like saying the holocaust was a little mistake .
there are no words for how ridiculous and utterly terrible this " film " truly is .
the acting is bad , the plot is stupid , and the script is pathetically unfunny .
since this is supposed to be a comedy , the fact that you can not even laugh at the badness of the movie makes it even worse .
bronson " balki " pinchot is the worst with some weird fake accent ( irish - pakistani - bronx - cockney - cajun as far as i could tell ) , but all the characters are awful .
i have n't watched a real laurel and hardy film in ages , but i know that they had to be way better than this .
what is the point of ruining a classic comic duo with ... this?bottom line : derivative garbage .
avoid at all costs unless you have some freaky bronson pinchot fetish .
after seeing midnight offerings
i am still convinced that the first decent movie about ( teenage ) witches yet has to be made .
i did n't think much of the craft
and i 'm not into charmed either .
the only film i more or less enjoyed ( about teenage witches ) was little witches ( 1996 ) , and even that one was n't very good .
but changes are that if you liked all the aforementioned movies , you will also enjoy midnight offerings.i was expecting a silly and cheesy early 80 's movie about teenage witches in high school .
but i was rather surprised that this whole movie plays it rather serious .
the acting is decent and serious all the time .
no jokes are being played by teenagers or something .
and the musical score , at first , i thought was pretty good .
it added some scariness and also something ' classy ' , with the use of threatening violins and all .
but as the movie progressed i came to the conclusion that the score was just too ambitious .
they did n't have to add those threatening violins when you simply see someone back up a car and then drive away at normal speed .
then there 's melissa sue anderson , who was the main reason for me to see this movie .
a few weeks ago , i saw her in happy birthday to me , a rather enjoyable , thick - plotted ( and goofy on some occasions ) slasher - movie which she had done in the same year as midnight offerings .
and i must say , she was very good as the icy - cold bad witch vivian .
but the main problem with the movie is : almost nothing happens !
vivian causes a death and an accident , yes , but that 's it .
then there 's robin , the good witch , who is just learning about her powers .
and we expect the two of them using their powers more than once , but at only one occasion they use their powers to make some pieces of wood and other stuff fly through the air as projectiles .
that was supposed to be a fight between two powerful witches ?
and what 's worse , i was hoping to see a spectacular show - down between the witches at the end of the movie with at least some special effects , flaming eyes or whatever ...
but nothing happens .
there is sort of a confrontation in the end , but it 's a big disappointment .
so , the acting of the two witches was good .
the musical score was decent ( even though overly ambitious ) .
and the cinematography was rather dark and moody at times .
but that does n't make a good movie yet , does it ?
this film takes what could have been a good idea , a mummified 2000 year old witch and completely destroys it .
nora and jim are alcoholics who go to ireland to dry - out .
they go to stay with her nan and uncle .
the uncle has discovered a 2000 year old witch preserved in the peat .
he revives her and she takes the form of nora .
she can not be killed conventionally,(more is the pity ) .
nora , however , works out a way to do so .
this is a gothic horror movie that has been done on the cheap .
it is a sprawling mess .
i have to ask why anyone would want to make such a bad film .
i am tempted to learn witchcraft in order to make it disappear .
avoid at all costs
i have watched anime
but i 'm not a die hard fan ;
and i do n't read manga .
i say this because many of the reviewers who are waxing lyrical about this film seem to have that background .
i have seen " st. john 's wort , " and although it is n't a masterpiece by any stretch of the imagination , it made me pick up " shinobi , " especially since everyone seems to love it .
well , i watched it this afternoon , and fought very hard to keep watching .
yes , it 's very beautiful - the slow motion water scenes , the autumn leaves on the trees , even the cgi eye flicker - majestic .
i liked the hawk , the costumes , even some of the fight scenes , but overall this was dull as dirt .
it seemed as if someone took " romeo and juliet " - the translation even mentions that they are star crossed lovers - and threw in some " x - men " for good measure .
two of the characters split wolverine 's powers - the guy dressed in a bear costume had his claws and the grey - haired guy had his ability to heal himself .
then you have the girl who has a poison kiss -
that 's poison ivy ( from batman ) .
why do they give these women such dumb powers ?
poison girl shows her leg then kisses you to death .
man , that 's some great power for you .
and the other girl , can create bugs from this yellow dust that she rubs on her hands .
the other woman , one of the star crossed lovers , has the power of a hypnotic stare .
i sort of made it to the end of the film , by fast forwarding it , and did see a bit more tragedy than i expected .
some people are comparing this to " house of flying daggers " and " hero .
" do n't make that mistake .
they may share similar endings , but that 's where the similarities end . "
shinobi " is made by an amateur - the other films are made by an experienced filmmaker .
i would say avoid this film unless you 're 12 to 18 years old .
pet sematary , though a nice 80 's horror movie , with a nice director and atmosphere , is a copy of the italian movie zeder by pupi avati .
it 's clear that stephen king has copied almost all the ideas from this director ( the movie zeder was made before king wrote the book)the cat , the ground , everything was copied , this is a case of plagiary , but , being stephen kind a famous american writer , it 's totally normal that he can get away with this , it 's obviously due to the huge difference between this kind of italians movies with no -budget ( and
in part , it 's crap itself ... )
but the original idea , i repeat it , it 's italian director avatilet
the world know
i remembered the title so well .
to me , it was a flora robson movie with olivier and vivien leigh in supporting roles .
and it had vincent massey 's voice from behind whiskers .
well flora robson was great .
her next signature , for me , would be " 55 days at peking " .
the same role but with different sumptuous gowns .
and the same voice .
as for the armada , it was a subtext .
i like black - and - white films .
was everything done in elizbethan times at night ?
it was talky and difficult to fathom , at times .
i could n't tell which was the love interest .
was it the spaniard or was it vivien leigh ?
and i do not believe that elizabeth i would have been the brilliant strategist to recommend that fire ships be sent against the armada .
apparently it worked for the empire , but not for the script .
this might have been more accurate , historically , but bette davis had more engaging scripts .
and i missed daylight !
if you like a syfi soap opera this show is for you , as fare as i am concerned it does not work for me and after watching 3 episodes i just ca n't watch it anymore .
it is boring and slow and for a show that the timeline is based around 100.000
+ years ago if you base it on battlestar galactica 's timeline for arriving on earth they sure seem to have all the same stuff around like the 100.000 year old chevy vans driving down the streets and people watching the 100.000 year old popular name brand lcd t.v. sets .
it also goes the same with the rest of the sets as well on the show , there is just to much of today 's stuff involved in it to not overlook , i think they could have done a lot better of a job to get around these issues and yes battlestar galactica had some of the same issues but not nearly as bad .
as fare as the rest of the show it is not nearly as good as bsg was and it is a poor pre sequel to it  .
( this may be a bit on the spoilerish side )
i would like to start by saying i did not watch the entire movie , nor could i because it was evident from the first hour that i was going to be incredibly disappointed .
that of course is the problem with taking , what many believe to be an amazing book , and turning it into a disney made - for - tv movie .
a wrinkle in time should have been made into an amazing movie a long time ago .
it 's got a great storyline that could hook children and adults .
plus it 's got built in quality sequels .
but disney - fying was not the way to go .
the problem with the movie is that all the things they changed to turn it into a visual story dumbed down what was so great about the book .
it is a complicated and emotional story for kids .
there was no reason to make charles wallace purely " psychic " , because that was the easiest way of explaining it .
there was no reason to write a fight between the three mrs. w 's as added tension , there is enough tension in the story without that .
there was no reason to remove meg 's glasses ...
that deprived us of what could 've been a very sweet scene between calvin and meg that happens in the book .
i could nitpick for days about little things , but i also think larger things , like the art direction was a off .
take for instance the way they made camazotz look , with its strangely darkened skies .
the creepiness that comes across in the book is that camazotz could be earth .
it looks like earth .
it has people on it that look like humans .
the skies are blue , the grass is green , and there are children playing .
but something is a little bit off .
the directors chose to make camazotz a complete other instead of taking the lesson in the book and applying it to the overall direction of the movie .
the lesson of course is that camazotz could very well be earth , that is if we forget how to love .
it would 've been much creepier to have a beautiful afternoon as they 're walking down the street with the kids bouncing the balls in the same rhythm .
i unfortunately did not watch the end .
maybe someone can tell me how disney messed up the end as well .
overall an artistic disappointment .
the past creeps up on a rehab - addict when he reconnects with his ill brother and a former girlfriend after what he hopes was his last stint in detox .
life 's dramas " , presented here in the most simplistic way imaginable ( not even the writing has any bite or wit ) .
the cast is made up of attractive looking actors smiling glumly at one another , and the music and photography are lugubrious ( a couple of the visual effects are laughable , indie - cliché touches that reek of a puny budget ) .
although written and directed by a man , this was produced by a woman , and i 'm not sure
but i think this may be a distinct reason why this picture about two men , estranged brothers growing closer , never quite gels , never feels natural or seems lived in .
it 's an attempt to get inside a male relationship , but the careful , sterile presentation is a cheat .
no one 's heart is in this , living , breathing , or bleeding this material .
the perfect son " is quickly diffused by too many cooks in the kitchen .
okay , i 've watched this movie twice now
, i have researched it heavily on the net , i have asked several people on there opinions .
i have even gone to the length of reading the original sheridan lafanu classic ' carmilla ' , a book that this movie is supposed to be based on .
i feel that the best way to review this movie is to describe a game to play whilst watching it .
as the plot of the movie does n't seem to make any sense at all , here is the plot of the book .
laura lives in a castle in syberia with her father , mr de lafontaine .
they carry on with their lives blissfully and peacefully .
one day they get a letter from the ' general ' a man who has made it his mission in life to avenge his daughters death .
he makes claims of supernatural powers being at work , and explains that he will visit them soon .
meanwhile , a chance encounter with a strange woman results in the lafontaines looking after her daughter , carmilla , for several months .
soon laura starts to be overwhelmed by strange dreams , and begins to come down with a strange illness .
who is this mysterious carmilla ?
and just what has she to do with laura 's condition , and the general?i have invented this game and would like as many people as possible to play it , and let me know what their results are .
i even have a catchy name , and would have a jingle too , but i ca n't be bothered with that .
it 's called the " this movie does n't make any sense " game .
all you have to do is , whilst watching the movie , try to come up with a complete plot that explains what is happening .
i mean complete , all questions answered , everything makes sense , absolutely complete .
it will have to answer such questions as ...
* why can vampires walk around in day light ?
* why are they all lesbians ?
* why is a girl called bob ?
and why does she shoot herself ?
* when is the movie a dream and when is it real ?
* why does killing zombies appear to be an accepted part of life that does n't make anyone bat an eyelid ?
* why does travis fontaine spot and run down a zombie without slowing down whilst driving his car , yet when faced with a woman with an obvious hostage in the back of her car , accept the excuse that she is a zombie too ?
and why does he then let a girl , which he later openly reveals that he knows is the head vampire , drive with him in his car ?
and then let her drive off , alone with his daughter in a stolen car?what
the hell is the asylum scene all about ?
* what the hell is the green goo all about ?
* why does the head vampire suddenly start dressing like a nurse ?
* why are there never any vampires fighting zombies ?
what is the significance of the necklace ?
what is it made of ?
why does it kill vampires ?
and how does jenna know that?in
fact sod it , it 's just as much fun trying to come up with as many questions about this movie too .
i have my plot , and i have to admit it is not quite there , but it is a pretty good effort .
in conclusion'vampires vs zombies ' has no moment in it where there are actually vampires fighting zombies .
everyone in the movie seems to know exactly what is going on , yet they seem very reluctant to let the audience in on this .
and somehow it is based on a classic 19th century horror novel .
what the hell is going on ?
i like musicals but as a dickens fan i hate this one .
* * mild spoilers
* * starving boys who have enough energy to sing and dance in the workhouse ?
the poor of london coming out to sing ?
fagin and dodger walking off into the sunset ?
not exactly faithful to the novel .
as i recall , dodger was publicly hanged and fagin went crazy in prison .
* * end of spoilers**oliver reed is very weak as sykes , doing little more than growling to indicate his evil .
worst however , is mark lester as oliver , who often comes across so awkward and passive
you wonder if he 's really the main character .
his portrayal is in no way helped by the fact that the best they could do when he sings is dub in the voice of a girl .
guess they did n't realize that boy trebles can be found in almost every church in england .
self - respecting dickens fans : stick to david lean 's amazing 1948 film or the bbc 6-hour adaptation from the mid-80 's .
avoid this bloated whitewash of a musical .
i could n't not recommend a christmas movie more than this worthless piece of drivel
( trust me , double negatives are required here -- it 's that bad ) .
this film was in trouble from the opening credits when it was revealed that the screenwriter was the same person as the songwriter .
the musical numbers are all far too long and none of them any good ( " thank you very much " has a decent melody , but the lyrics are stupid beyond words ) .
i would gladly bear the chains worn by scrooge in the film 's bizarre hell sequence than sit through this insult to movie musicals again .
the only entertaining part of this movie ( completely unintentional by the way ) involves alec guinness as jacob marley .
dressed in a silly powder white costume , guinness foppishly prances through his scenes in what was either an attempt to make it appear as though he was floating like a ghost , or to show his utter disdain with having to be in this dreadful movie .
albert finney , meanwhile , blends the best of alistar sim and charles laughton to create his hopelessly loathsome character of quasimodo / scrooge .
finney 's scrooge is so hideous a person , it 's impossible to believe his transformation .
steer clear of this abomination of filmmaking at all costs .
you loose 100 iq points just for tuning in .
this show has to be awful , i refuse to tune in from just what i 've seen in commercials .
where did they dig this guy up at anyway ?
also , what do they intend to do next season ?
the secret is out .
everyone already knows the set up ?
are they going to look for people who has been living under a rock to star in next season ?
where are they going to dig up more stupid women ?
no wonder america is a big joke to outsider's , look what you are watching ! !
i 'm a big fan of camp , but when every plot ' twist ' is predictable and bad , while obviously not trying to be , even i lose interest .
i was going to rate this a 3 , but the ending dropped it a point easily .
its only saving grace is that i hated other movies more .
not enough beer in the world for this one .
this film has little to recommend it , though that little being the breathtaking scenery , cinematography and direction of wildlife , it is difficult to bring up its weak points in the company of such rave reviews .
it is precisely these things , however , that make the lack of a satisfactory plot and its execution so disappointing .
i watched this with my children and none of us was too impressed by the end .
yes , the pictures were great , the broad landscapes across the forest and mountains magnificent , but what was going on in the foreground ?
the rather dull narration of the stupidity of an insipid girl who learns all too slowly a very basic lesson about befriending wildlife - and gets off quite easily given the track record of that sort of thing .
it is certainly not a new story , in fact there is nothing remotely novel about the way it is told , and we have all seen this before , and , indeed , much more eloquently by antoine de saint - exupéry .
the only thing really to be gleaned from this film is a sense of how to work with these wonderful lenses and forest lighting ; the rest is a waste of time .
i can not believe this woodenly written and directed piece of cliche film got made .
there are about four good looking shots ( the director should think about switching to still photography ) and that 's it .
a strong cast is utterly wasted , scenes repeatedly end at the least interesting moments and the script says nothing new .
please spare yourself this movie .
possible spoilers
jason ( a.k.a . herb ) evers is a brilliant brain surgeon who , along with wife virginia leith , is involved in the most lackluster onscreen car crash ever .
leith is decapitated and the doctor takes her severed noggin back to his mansion and rejuvenates the head in his lab .
the mansion 's exterior was allegedly filmed at tarrytown 's lyndhurst estate ; the lab scenes were apparently shot in somebody 's basement .
the bandaged head is kept alive on " lab equipment " that 's almost cheap - looking enough for ed wood .
some of the library musicthe movie 's high pointlater turned up in andy milligan 's the body beneath .
leith 's head has some heavy metaphysical discourses with another of ever 's misfires , a mutant chained in the closet .
meanwhile , the good doc prowls strip joints looking for a body worthy of his wife 's gabby noodle .
the ending , in uncut prints , features some ahead - of - its - time splatter and dismemberment when the zucchini - headed monster comes out of the closet to bring the movie to a welcome close .
this thing took three years to be released and then , audiences gave it the bad reception it richly deserved .
between this , plan 9 from outer space and a few others , 1959 should have been declared the year of the turkey .
i had the misfortune of wasting 10 quid buying ss new movie on dvd : attack force .
now i usually can suspend my belief watching films like this .
a pinch of salt and some beers on a dark evening on the sofa watching a noisy late evening shoot em up is perfect for a single alpha male like me .
i bought this film thinking i 'd see cool martial arts and shoot em up .
did i hell .
segal is old and bloated , the plot was ludicrous even by ss standards and to cap it all off segal 's acting ( such as it was to start with ) is exceptionally dire .
so dire in fact that half of his voice was dubbed over by a man who sounded nothing like him .
either ss ca nt act no more ( a moot point ) of the crew were so dreadful at their jobs they could n't record the sound properly .
the voice would flick back and forth between mr whisper segal and the man who does voice overs for honda adverts!plot wise is n't the issue because most action films work along the same premise as this one , nothing new there .
the usual mix of characters who will die horribly as cannon fodder and stereotyped bad guys waiting to get blown away .
avoid this film like you would avoid walking in front of a speeding train or a dose of h5n1 avian flu .
utter garbage.1/10this has been a public health warning .
once again i have seen a movie made by people that know nothing .
i just recently reviewed baby face nelson .
now i 've seen dillinger
and i 've had it .
this movie is garbage .
i do n't know how anyone in their right mind could compare this to a classic like bonnie and clyde .
this movie is far from a classic .
someone called it brilliant .
that 's an insane thing to say .
this movie ca n't get any facts straight and it has the worst casting i 've ever seen .
i do n't know whose dumb idea it was to cast warren oates as john dillinger .
first of all he looks nothing like him .
second of all , by the time john dillinger was killed he was 31 .
when oates made this he was 45 !
you could even tell that he 's older than the real dillinger just by looking at him .
not only was he too old , but so was ben johnson as melvin purvis .
they show baby face nelson die , then homer van meter , and finally john dillinger .
john dillinger was killed before both of them .
the last one to die out of the three was baby face nelson .
not only do the writers not know when they died , but they also do n't know how they died .
baby face nelson was not killed after he escaped from little bohemia in a robe .
homer van meter was not killed by farmers with shot guns .
homer van meter was cornered by the police in st. paul and gunned down with machine guns .
another member of dillinger 's gang , harry pierpont is shown being shot by police in this movie .
pierpont was n't shot .
harry pierpont was captured and sentenced to die in the electric chair .
i go into what happened to baby face nelson on my baby face nelson review
so i 'm not going to go into it again here .
let me also add that richard dreyfuss ' portrayal of baby face nelson is pathetic .
there 's a scene where he attacks dillinger and then gets a bad beating .
while dillinger was beating him he was crying like a baby and screaming , " leave me alone ! "
baby face nelson and john dillinger never fought .
maybe dillinger did n't agree with nelson 's bank robbing methods , but they never fought .
nelson also never cried like a little girl while getting beaten .
they keep calling him lester " baby face " nelson .
he was never in his life known by that name .
nelson 's real name was lester gillis and he changed his name to george nelson .
the black guy that escaped from jail with dillinger was herbert youngblood , but in this movie he is known as reed youngblood .
john milius does n't know anything .
where the hell did john milius get his information ?
i could probably make a better movie than him .
finally the way they showed john dillinger die is outrageous and inexcusable .
the movie shows dillinger walk out of the biograph with the lady in red and his girlfriend billie frechette .
by the way , billie frechette was n't even there that night .
but a girl named polly hamilton was .
melvin purvis yells , ' johnny ! '
dillinger pulls out his gun and is blown to hell .
it is a proved fact that dillinger did not have a gun that night .
the fbi gave him no chance to surrender and as soon as he was in sight they blew him away .
they did n't even have to shoot him .
they were so close that powder burns were found on his face .
it was murder .
they also say that the man killed that night was not john dillinger .
after killing tons of civilians in the little bohemia incident can you imagine the fbi reporting that they had just killed another innocent unarmed man ?
the gun they had on display that was supposedly on dillinger was also proved not to have been manufactured until after dillinger 's death .
i could go on and on how the man they killed was n't john dillinger , but i 'll stop here .
if you would like to know more check it out heresee the dillinger version with lawrence tierney if you want , but do n't waste your time with this inaccurate piece of garbage movie .
i rented this movie on the merits of what the trailer showed , and of course sir anthony hopkins .
if jackson pollack teamed up with david lynch , and timothy leary to make a movie , this would be the end result .
i do n't think i 've seen a movie like it that made an lsd trip look like an episode of sesame street .
it 's a bunch of set pieces where the characters flash in and out of reality , or various realities , and the film does n't culminate into anything until the last 5 minutes , where all of a sudden it makes sense .
i wrote a scathing review on my movie review blog that essentially gives everything away , and i wo n't do that here .
it 's a well acted piece of cinema , and the soundtrack was written by sir anthony hopkins , and let me say this , if there 's one redeeming feature to this film , it 's the music .
it fits perfectly .
some of the dialogue is unbelievably good , and unbelievably bad all at the same time .
i enjoyed parts of this movie , i truly did , and once you get to the end of it , you 'll actually figure out what 's truly going on .
it 's unfortunate that you have to wade through 2 hours of crazy to get to a salient point , which minimizes the effect of the entire movie .
i give it a 3 out of 10 for the simple fact that the real problem with this film is n't the acting , it 's everything .
this grainy film has a cult following and one of those word - of - mouth features you just had to see .
maybe hard to believe , but there is a rural community in southwest arkansas , fouke , that knows the legend is true .
this tale is told in documentary - style narrated by vern stierman and filmed in actual locations talking to actual folks involved .
the legend changes with the telling , but during the late 60s and most of the 70s
the surrounding area of fouke was visited by a bigfoot - like creature that traveled along boggy creek .
long limbed with three toes and standing over 7 foot tall , this hirsute creature periodically caused damage and frightened the ' bejeebers ' out of most of the community .
i personally crossed over the small boggy creek bridge in 1974 , and yes the hair on the back of my neck did rise .
of course it was about 1 a.m. in the rain .
by the time i arrived in shreveport , i was laughing .
whenever i make up a list of the absolute worst movies i 've ever seen , this movie is always on it .
it has no redeeming qualities whatsoever .
it took an act of will to sit through the whole thing , and i would sooner spill my own blood than have to sit through it again .
what 's wrong with it ?
let me tell you the story of my trip to go see it in the theater .
i went to a midnight show , on a saturday night .
i the only ones in the theater were myself , and a bunch of loud , boisterous , rather unruly teenagers , sitting somewhere behind me .
they were obviously out having a good time on a saturday night , and had come to this " comedy " for some laughs .
before the movie starts , during the previews , they were laughing and joking and making loud comments having a grand old time .
it was borderline annoying ; had they continued their unbridled enthusiasm into the actual movie , i might 've said something , but i was feeling tolerant and empathetic of their spirited fun , so i let it go .
and they did settle down once the movie started .
why am i telling you all this ?
because you can judge this alleged " comedy " by the effect it had not just on myself , but on this rowdy bunch .
during the entire run of the film , not one person in the theater laughed .
not once .
not myself , not the boisterous kids .
absolute silence , aside from the soundtrack .
and when the film was over and the lights came on , we all , all of us , slowly filed out of the theater in slow , somber , absolute silence .
it could 've been a funeral .
this was the effect that this " comedy " produced .
not laughter , not enjoyment , but absolute depression .
it was a depressing , depressing movie , and not the tiniest bit funny .
preachy , self - indulgent , depressing , but not funny .
i consider mel brooks ' " blazing saddles " to be on the short list for
funniest movie ever .
it still absolutely blows my mind that the same gentleman could be responsible for quite probably the least funny movie ever .
in short : if you 're feeling too happy , give this movie a whirl ; otherwise , do n't say i did n't warn you .
my ten - year old liked it .
for me it was hard to get through it .
christopher lloyd played it way over the top and the suit was tedious and unfunny .
sorry to see jeff daniels in this .
it is incredible that with all of the countless crimes that have been uncovered and laid unequivocally at the doorstep of marxism , from the berlin wall to the gulag archipelago to the cultural revolution to the khmer rouge , one still finds admirers of communist totalitarianism in hollywood and are still making propaganda in its favor .
it just shows the moral depravity of hollywood .
in this particular film a psychotic murderer is glorified .
needless to say that neither his crimes nor his psychotic proclamations were included .
that both the director and the actor expect audiences to sit through this seemingly interminable propagandistic film demonstrates the tunnel vision that they have in regards to their object of worship .
" kings and queen " is a bloated french drama that rambles on for an interminable two hours and thirty - two minutes to no discernible point or purpose .
the film features two stories that seem unrelated at first but which eventually connect with one another about halfway through the movie .
the first centers around nora and her struggles with various men in her life , including an elderly father who discovers he has only a few days left to live .
the other story involves a young man named ismael , a violinist who finds himself placed - unfairly , he believes - in a mental institution through the machinations of an unknown third party .
after traveling along on separate tracks for awhile , these two narrative strands eventually come together when we learn that ismael is a former lover of nora 's and the man she has chosen to adopt her son from an earlier , tragic relationship .
with a bit more focus and a considerable amount of streamlining , " kings and queen " might have been a potent , engrossing drama about modern day relationships .
it certainly has moments of tremendous insight and emotional power , and the performances are , for the most part , complex and touching .
but , taken as a whole , the film meanders and maunders to such an extent that , quite frankly , it begins to wreak havoc on our patience and to wear out its welcome early on .
even more distressing is the fact that , even though we spend what seems like a mild eternity in the company of these people , we really do n't know quite what to make of any of them when the show is finally over .
for instance , nora 's father , on his deathbed , writes a withering diatribe against his daughter 's character that simply does n't gibe with the woman we 've been looking at for well over two hours .
nora is admittedly no mother theresa ( then , again , who is ? ) , but she certainly does n't deserve the invective thrown at her by her very own father .
nora could be accused of being confused , indecisive , a bit self - absorbed at times , but evil enough to have her father wishing he could give her his cancer and make her die in his place ?
i do n't think so .
perhaps this film is simply operating at a level of depth that i was unable to fathom .
but my suspicion is that even writer roger bohbot and co - writer / director arnaud desplechin would have trouble fully explaining their purpose here .
this is a well acted , pretentious bore of a film that takes the viewer on a long , rambling voyage through a sea of personal crises , a journey that leaves him no wiser or more enlightened at the end than he was at the beginning .
i do n't know why , but i thought i 've seen this movie before .
maybe it was the name , maybe it was the way poster looked , i do n't know .
anyway , it was quite promising in the beginning .
and even throughout the whole feature there were some bright moments .
maybe its because i 'm not a huge fan of the horrors , and i do n't watch them a lot , but this one actually looked fresh sometimes .
but the rest of it is not so good .
laughable at times .
the movie is slow paced , sometimes you will get so bored you 'd forget what was the story about .
characters are not great either .
all of them .
the butcher is ok , seems creepy and crazy enough .
although i did n't get what were those weird looking things on his chest ( that whole scene just looked fake and kind of out - of - the - blue ) , and why he was collecting those in jars at home ?
the main lead is plain .
his character is really hard to believe in , and very undeveloped .
but i guess that s scenarists fault .
like why he cried when he was taking pictures of his girlfriend ?
side cast is bad too .
but the main thing i hated in this movie was the girl .
my god , when will women in horror movies have any brains ?
its ridiculous .
the girl finds out that a maniac took her boyfriends camera , tries going to police , that fails , and then she thinks of the best idea ever .
why do n't we just go and take it !
i know where the maniac lives !
that s swell !
and then look for the camera in the bathroom !
why not ?
and then walk in the room , see a bag that was not there before , and just have a look inside .
maybe camera is there ?
not there .
but loads of interesting stuff .
shiny .
mmmm .
to realize that bag means that the butcher came back is too hard for her tiny tiny brain .
then of course the never ending " falling while running away " trick
, that really made it look bad .
then , to put the final nail into the character , in the end of the movie , she walks into the wagon full with dead bodies hanging feet up , screams " noooo "
like she just ripped her gucci bag , and walks further into the wagon ...
jeez .
come on .
no one else thinks its just , well , stupid ?
just awful .
if her character was n't so bad , maybe the movie would get another star or two from me .
and i would even forgive mmt characters that can take a hit in the head with a steel hammer ( that dude in the train who the conductor killed ) , butcher vests that can protect from bullets , weird and cheap looking monsters in the end
( i did n't read clive barkers novel , so i have no idea where those monsters came from ) , the fact that no one cared that hundreds ( judging on the skeletons in the dungeon ) disappeared in the city , and main character that did n't bleed to death when he got his tongue ripped out ( he barely noticed it i guess ) .
oh , and the predictable ending .
damn , i knew the ending half way in , its just disappointing .
the only reason i 'm still giving some credit to the makers , is that the movie in general looks better than most of the horrors i 've watched past few months .
visual style is nice , some shots were really nice and good cgi that made the killings look really brutal .
( although blood did n't look real at all )
i guess some people will enjoy it , some , like me , will watch it if there is nothing else to watch , some will absolutely hate it .
december holiday specials , like the original frosty , ought to be richly - produced with quality music and a wholesome , yet lighthearted storyline .
they should have a touch of the mystical magic of the holidays .
basically , they should look , sound , and feel ...
well , " special " and they should have a decent and appropriate december holiday subtext .
so when i saw legend of frosty the snowman in the tv listings , i got my kids ( 6 and 8) pumped up for it by telling them the story of the original frosty and passionately relating how much i enjoyed it as a kid .
as my wife and kids cozied up on the couch to watch the movie the expectations were high , but 10 minutes into it
my kids were yawning and
my wife and i were giving each other " the look " and rolling our eyes .
after 35 minutes my kids were actually asking to go to bed -- i guess they were fed up with the insensitive language and pointless , disconnected segments .
i was actually embarrassed about their ( and my ) disappointment with this movie .
unfortunately , legend of frosty the snowman is more like a bad episode of fairly odd parents crossed with a worse - than - normal episode of sponge bob than a classic holiday movie .
do n't get me wrong ...
those shows are fine and i like them as much as the next guy , but when i watch fairly odd parents or sponge bob , my low expectations ( for mediocre , off - color , zero subtext , mind numbing episodes ) are always satisfied .
we picked out some good books and spent the rest of the evening reading together .
a much better choice than the embarrassingly bad legend of frosty the snowman .
may contain spoilers**a dude in a dopey - looking kong suit ( the same one used in king kong vs .
godzilla in 1962 ) provides much of the laffs in this much - mocked monster flick .
kong is resurrected on mondo island and helps out the lunkhead hero and other good guys this time around .
the vampire - like villain is named dr. who-funny , he does n't look like peter cushing !
kong finally dukes it out with who 's pride and joy , a giant robot ape that looks like a bad metal sculpture of magilla gorilla .
like many of honda 's flicks this may have had some merit before american audiences diddled around with it and added new footage .
the rankin / bass animation company had a hand in this mess .
they should have stuck to superior children 's programs like the little drummer boy .
i could n't relate to this film .
it failed to engage me either intellectually , emotionally or aesthetically .
the dialogue was very dense and uninvolving .
i could n't connect with and hence care about any of the characters and i 'm finding it hard to find much that 's positive to say about it .
i've read that to understand it properly one needs to be familiar with some of the more obscure aspects of catholic theology .
i 'll admit that , as an atheist , i probably am unfamiliar with many of the finer details of catholicism , but i have also seen many films dealing with religious issues that have touched me because their themes are still universal to the human condition and do n't rely on specialised knowledge or beliefs .
despite the high ratings given to this film by imdb users , this is nothing more than your typical girl - with - a - bad - childhood - obsessively - stalks - married - man film .
the attractive justine priestly 's brief nude scenes may attract voyeurs , but the film is hackneyed tripe .
* 1/2 out of
* * * *
to quote the film , " it 's better not to know .
better still to forget .
best of all to be abandoned .
oh , the irony .
a ghost story with all the technical refinements of a hollywood horror film , but horrifyingly bad dialogue after the first quarter of the film , and you feel like you 're being preached to from the start .
it 's as if the writers ' cumulative character dialogue can be summed up by bad cop tv and a jerry springer show .
fitting , maybe , for a film like the hitcher , not a russia - set horror film .
the result is that a potentially great setting and some potentially great gore scenes go to waste and become just silly , not scary or meaningful .
' i do n't understand .
none of this makes any sense ! '
, exclaims one exasperated character towards the end of death smiles at murder .
having just sat through this thoroughly confusing mess of a movie , i know exactly how he feels .
the story , by the film 's director aristide massacessi ( good old joe d'amato using his real name for a change ) , is a clumsy mix of the supernatural , murder / mystery , and pretentious arty rubbish , the likes of which will probably appeal to those who admire trippy 70s garbage such as jess franco 's more bizarre efforts , but which had me struggling to remain conscious .
opening with a hunchback mourning the death of his beautiful sister ( with whom he had been having an incestuous affair , before eventually losing her to a dashing doctor ) , death smiles at murder soon becomes very confusing when the very same woman ( played by ewa aulin , who stars in the equally strange ' death laid an egg ' ) is seen alive and kicking , the sole survivor of a coach accident that occurs outside the estate of walter and eva von ravensbrück .
after being invited to stay and recuperate in their home , where she is tended to by creepy dr. sturges ( klaus kinski in a throwaway role ) , the comely lass begins love affairs with both mr. and mrs. ravensbrück ( meaning that viewers are treated to some brief but welcome scenes of nookie and lesbian lovin').'so far , so good ' , i thought to myself at this point , ' we 've had hunchbacks , incest , some blood and guts , and gratuitous female nudity'all ingredients of a great trashy euro - horror ; what follows , however , is a lame attempt by massacessi to combine giallo style killings , ghostly goings on , and even elements from edgar allan poe 's ' the black cat ' , to tell a very silly , utterly bewildering , and ultimately extremely boring tale of revenge from beyond the grave .
this film seems to have quite few admirers here on imdb , but given the choice , i would much rather watch one of the director 's sleazier movies from later in his career ; i guess incomprehensible , meandering , surreal 70s
gothic horror
just ai n't my thing !
2.5 out of 10 ( purely for the cheesy gore and nekkidness ) , rounded up to 3 for imdb .
did the movie - makers even preview this before they released it ?
the script jumps from place to place without giving much explanation .
the beginning does n't clarify if its a prequel or not .
it starts with superman 's beginnings on earth and then jumps to a point after the last movie - but does n't really alert the viewer of this .
very confusing !
superman himself is weak and in need of prozac .
he is portrayed as a potential home - wrecker , a stalker , and someone who is clearly depressed and confused .
this type of character rarely makes for an interesting hero .
the ending is absolutely ridiculous .
superman ending up in a hospital just made me want to kill him off myself .
i 'm seriously waiting for a snl skit where superman appears on maury povich and maury says , " the results are in - in the case of the child , superman , you are the father . "
to sum up - ok acting by this superman and kevin spacey , but horrible script .
the movie is basically unwatchable .
boy - girl love affair / sequel with songs
, only this time she 's the punkette
and he 's the straight arrow .
movie - buffs out there actually like this movie ?
it has fans ?
i must say , the mind reels ... "
grease 2 " is a truly lame enterprise that does n't even have the courage , moxy or sheer gall to take the memory of its predecessor down in flames ( like " jaws 2 " or " exorcist ii " ) .
no , it whimpers along in slow - motion and often just plays dead .
it looks and feels cheap , with a large cast lost amidst messy direction and unfocused handling .
this was the first time a substantial audience got a glimpse of michelle pfeiffer and , although she does n't embarrass herself , it 's a role worth forgetting .
a misfire on the lowest of levels .
no stars from
* * * *
this movie could be used in film classes in a " how not to script a b - movie " course .
there are inherent constrictions in a b - movie : budgets are tight , time is precious ( scarecrow was apparently shot in 8 days ) and the actors are often green and inexperienced .
the one aspect you have complete control over is writing the best script you can within the limitations set before you .
scarecrow 's script seems to have been written in a drunken haze .
i could go through about fifteen examples of the nonsensical scripting of this movie , but i 'll just mention one : the gravedigger .
the character of the gravedigger is introduced about an hour into the movie .
he seemingly has no connection to any of the other characters already in the movie .
he is shown with his daughter , who also has no connection to anybody else in the movie .
the gravedigger is given a couple scenes to act surly in and then is killed to pad out the body count .
why give the gravedigger a daughter ?
why give the daughter a boyfriend ?
why introduce them so late in the movie ?
why not try to make them part of the ongoing storyline ?
scarecrow does n't seem to care .
the " story " of scarecrow goes something like this : lester is a high school kid ( played by and actor who 'd i 'd peg to be in his early 30 's ) who is picked on by the other kids .
he is an artist who draws birds and has a crush on a classmate named judy .
his mom is a lush and the town whore .
one of her reprobate boyfriends makes fun of his drawings ( by calling him a " faggot " for drawing birds instead of " monsters and cowboys .
" if you have a high school student still drawing cowboys i 'd think him to more likely be gay than a high school student who draws crows ) and later , kills lester , in a cornfield , under the titular scarecrow .
magically , lester 's soul goes into the scarecrow .
somehow , this transference changes lester 's soul from that of an artist into that of a wisecracking gymnast ( i know some reviews have called the scarecrow a kung - fu scarecrow .
i disagree .
the scarecrow practically does a whole floor routine before jumping onto the truck during the climax of the movie ) .
the scarecrow then goes on to kill those who tormented him , those who smoke pot in the corn field , those who dig graves , boyfriends of daughters of gravediggers , pretty much anyone who showed up on the movie set .
the bonus feature on the dvd should be mentioned .
the director ( a frenchman ) does an impromptu version of rap music , admits he enjoys not having executives around on set so he can screw his wife while working and gives a quote to live by (
and i 'm paraphrasing ) :
" life ez a bitch , but et has a great ass"number of beers
i drank while watching this movie :
did it help : no number of beers needed to enjoy this movie : whatever it takes to get to blackout drunk level .
this film is pretty poor .
the acting is abysmal and completely forced .
furthermore , by shooting the film as a docudrama does n't necessarily make it more believable , you ca n't get out of it that easily mr dir .
do n't let my comments mislead you however , as i would recommend you watch this film , as it does shed some light on the psychology or non existent psychology behind the perpetrators of such crimes .
however , the climax of the film is absolutely rubbish !
there is no other way to put it !
it pure and simply fails to capture any sense of atmosphere !
what takes place does not translate to me any feelings of desperation , panic , fear or dread that one would surely experience in such terrifying circumstances .
no instead it leaves you with jaw dropping
" was that it ? ! "
spilling from your tongue , and by no means are you haunted by these boys actions .
rather you just feel embarrassed for yet another film that started with potential , but ended up falling flat on its face at the most crucial point .
zero day indeed .... zzzzzzzzzzzzz
did anyone edit this film ?
or was it only the dvd release that had huge thirty second gaps between scenes ?
it 's ok though , i fell asleep watching it the first time .
then i fell asleep the second time and the third time .
the plot is actually not the worst i 've seen , but it 's close .
the acting is not the worst i 've seen either ...
but it 's close .
the production ....
well , i can honestly say that it was the worst i had ever seen in my life !
not trying to be spiteful , but unhinged could have used some more production .
please do n't think i 'm a hater of horror films , or even that i did n't enjoy this film .
i just felt i was laughing at the film much more than i felt i was laughing along with it .
the gruesome moments were not too poorly done , but could have been done better even with a shoestring budget .
characters seemed awkwardly developed , or ignored all together , twist ending was pretty bad , and the exposition took forever without exposing much .
i'd recommend avoiding this movie.1/10
this movie is so awful , it is hard to find the right words to describe it!at first the story is so ridiculous .
a narrow - minded human can write a better plot !
the actors are boring and untalented , perhaps they were compelled to play in this cheesy film .
the camera receptions of the national forest are the only good in this whole movie .
i should feel ashame , because i paid for this lousy picture .
hopefully nobody makes a sequel or make a similar film with such a worse storyline :-)
i watched an episode .
yes i sat through the entire miserable experience , and i have to say , this brand of comedy is one of the worst you will get .
imagine peter griffin , of family guy fame .
now imagine peter griffin as a(admittedly slim and minus the glasses ) woman , except that he now lacks the something that made him hilarious .
peter griffin is an idiot , but he does n't know he 's an idiot .
sarah has none of the genuine character , none of the acting ability to pull her character off .
maybe its the trite , formulaic jokes that pull her comedy even lower than her character can take it by herself .
maybe it 's the lack of believable foils .
her insensitive , bigoted persona may appeal to insensitive , bigoted people unlike the mass appeal that stephen colbert 's insensitive , bigoted character has .
like bill o'reilly , sarah creates an annoying , unfunny character .
she lacks something that is necessary for the genre of satire , let alone for the entire world of comedy .
what sarah silverman lacks , its noticeable .
and when you do n't believe it and identify with it , it 's not funny anymore .
i saw this movie a couple years back .
i could'nt sleep
and there was nothing on .
so i peeped it .
what really gets me is it makes no sense
and that s why its disturbing .
richard gets tied up in chicken wire and
jarvis starts making out with richard 's girl while she 's unconscious .
then jarvis 's buddy troubador is playing some stupid song on his guitar .
by the next morning it shows richard 's girl talking to jarvis and trouby
and then she walks back to richard and looks at him while he 's still tied up .
then they play some happy music and the movie is finished .
i mean what happened ?
did they brake up ?
and what was she saying to those 2 guys(trouby and jarvis ) ?
its to puzzling and to poor to .
i ca n't stand movies that are disturbing and do n't make sense .
this was the worst film i 've ever seen since the 90 's version of lord of the flies .
an interesting idea for a film , both showing the last dragon on earth and showing the struggle he and someone evil have together .
when he was younger , einon got stabbed in the heart , so bowen ( dennis quaid ) took him to the dark lord who gave him half his heart .
now grown up einon ( david thewlis ) is now the selfish and evil king .
meanwhile , bowen is using a new friend draco the dragon ( voiced by sir sean connery ) to get rewards for " killing " dragons .
but because einon has half of draco 's hear , they both feel the pain in one of them is hurt , or killed .
also starring pete postlethwaite as gilbert of glockenspur , jason isaacs as lord felton , julie christie as queen aislinn and john gielgud as king arthur .
it was nominated for the oscar for best visual effects .
worth watching !
" cut " is a film about some film students making a film .
it 's very much in the " scream " mold , an ironic , self - referential horror flick which , for me at least , falls down because for all its irony , it 's still just a bad horror film , same as the films its referring to .
but it was not without its charms .
well , one charm anyway .
molly ringwald was fantastic as the spoilt , bitchy american actress hating every minute of working with the amateur australian film crew .
she was so convincing that its tempting to believe it was n't an act , although everyone involved with " cut " says she was lovely to work with .
: -)seriously , every scene of her pouting , sulking or snapping was great .
everyone else , however , wavered between being ok and being terribly wooden .
anyway , " cut " has some laughs , a few buckets of gore ( some of it surprisingly gruesome ) , and ultimately is .. just another bad horror film .
what " noise " fails to do is get us to understand its character .
tim robbins plays an obsessive new yorker who ca n't deal with the obtrusive noises of the city any longer , particularly car alarms .
it 's an odd idea for a film , which has about as much creative credibility as " death wish .
" it is clever at points ; particularly a scene in which our hero is trying to read through hagel , " i 'm too stupid to be understanding this . "
he reads and rereads a paragraph in confusion , we read it and do n't get it either .
just then a car alarm goes off .
throughout the movie is constant interference of alarms and city noises .
though , all in all it does little to help us understand our hero , who allows this all to ruin his marriage and gets distracted with side plots instead of digging deeper - into his persona .
the film - making itself is too oblivious to notice its own sound problems , shoddy editing , and visible boom mikes .
no , " noise " is n't all - bad .
william hurt is at least colorful .
at least the ending does n't fall flat .
overall it drives home a logistical point , one you have n't probably thought of .
at least i had n't .
though all in all , ninety minutes long , it could n't have ended sooner .
the story dragged on and seemed to be lost as soon as it started .
this is another one of those movies that you might see at a film festival , but probably wo n't get picked up for distribution .
check it out on dvd if you 're really partial to someone involved in the project .
otherwise skip it .
as a gamer , i ca n't say i like this film .
fact is , i down
right hate it .
i tried to watch it as open minded as possible , but when it gets down to it , it feels rather insulting to my social group .
to me , there are several reasons why.1 .
the characters seem unnatural .
i 've met lots of players , of all different walks of life .
i do n't know any who act like any of the characters in the film .
it 's like the producers of the film have taken the worst aspects of the worst stereotypes and put them all into 5 people .
most gamers are rather social people , some with rather active lives.2 .
the style does n't work .
the mockumentary style is ill suited to the subject matter of the film .
an actual documentary on gamers would actually work better .
while it is good looking ( i.e. cleanly put together ) , it is n't very good.3 .
the dialogue feels forced , unnatural .
it also seems to lack any real world context .
gamers swear , i 'll admit that , but we do n't have tourette 's syndrome.4 .
the humor is lacking .
while self - deprecating humor is a mainstay of my group and several other groups i 've encountered , this is less self - deprecation , and more like toilet humor .
likewise , a large part of gamer humor is full of in - jokes and anecdotes , not toilet humor .
most gamers would balk at and shun anybody who made such jokes.5 .
the biggest problem to me is basically this : accuracy .
i do n't mean rules , but instead dynamics .
invariably , this film is going to be compared to the even lower budget films the gamers and the gamers :
dorkness rising , both of which portray the players as actual people playing an actual game .
the difference is , gamers :
the movie presents a situation where you want to beat the players senseless vs. the gamers , where you can say something like : " huh , i know a guy like that ...
yep , that 's definitely like gary . "
i recently viewed this atrocity in my film program , and i thought it was awful ,
as i said in my tagline , it was pretentious , trite , petty and phenomenally self - important .
i consider myself a fan of film , and all the things that film has to offer .
if i want to watch a documentary on the cannes festival , i will watch a&e ....
and they would probably be alot more objective about it .
i do nt recommend it , period .
nothing can prepare you for another lousy bimbo outing !
this time , it 's being brought to you by the never - inevitable fred olen ray !
as far as exploitation movies go , this one does n't click !
as science fiction , it 's plain unoriginal !
all that we see is an an ugly feminine android wearing a bikini out to destroy the earth , and showing off all that 's nearly bare to resist !
give me a f --- ing break ! ! !
if this kind of entertainment is your thing , then why not dust off those old si swimsuit mags from the attic for a change ? !
this would have been much better if it did n't set the sleaze factor on very high , but that still would n't make this one great .
i 'd like to point out another film called the assault ( 1996 ) by jim wynorski , which resembles the identity of alienator .
it illustrates why top - notch 1st - person " femme fatale " action movies do n't translate well in america .
sorry , fellas !
every year i watch hundreds of films , including many low budget amateurish straight - to - dvd abominations that nobody in their right mind would ever want to see .
i have seen thousands of films in my time ,
many excellent , many forgettable .
zombie nation
i will remember forever as one of the most hopelessly laughable ' horror ' films i have ever seen  in fact i still have n't recovered from the experience of watching it .
the day after , it seems like some kind of weird dream .
did i really see what i thought i saw ?
why do the police work out of a warehouse ?
did the voodoo priestesses really recommend that the ' zombies ' eat cheeseburgers ?
is it safe ?
is it safe ?
is it safe ?
i would n't recommend zombie nation if you want to see a ' good ' film , and neither would i recommend it as ' so bad its good ' .
however , if you are entertained by the prospect of watching probably the most indefensibly abysmal film ever  this is for you .
now , whenever anyone asks me what the worst film i have ever seen is , i will say zombie nation .
seriously 
i think it 's a greater crime to make a boring film than a bad one , and ulli lommel deserves credit for producing a film that actually stuns you with its ineptitude .
he really is the ed wood jr. of the digital age , and i for one ca n't wait to see if he makes another film as consistently ridiculous as this one .
all the other comments already said what i was going to say , here goes anyway .
i thought this was italian at first , sorry about that , italy .
i was n't bored because i kept waiting for something to happen .
who did that song about dr. tarr and professor feather way back when ?
was it alan parsons ?
saw this on a brentwood 10 pack and the quality was as expected , terrible .
full of streaks and stuff .
the movie was an incoherent mess .
goofy music and clueless characters .
the main guy should have known in the first minute that the doctor was nuttier than the patients .
i thought the " doctor " directing the " battle " scene was never going to end .
had some good looking babes though .
it seems these dumb ass movies always throw in a naked chick or two and
that gets you hooked .
i gave it a 2 for the nekkid women .
that bird people dance made me want to pull out my own eyeballs .
poe probably did about 3,000 rpms in his grave when this thing came out because it was loosely based on a story of his .
this movie is now my gauge against which all other movies will be compared ... as in , " was it as stupid as revolver ?
" i too was in the toronto international film festival audience last night where a room filled with over 2000 people walked out in an eerie silence after being absolutely dumbstruck by 2 hours of sheer nonsense .
jason stratham would have been amazing if only he had a purpose .
within the first 10 minutes he 's given a proposition by andre 3000 and big pussy ( of soprano 's fame ) which makes no sense
at all !
then there 's some shooting
and then there 's ray liotta wearing embarrassing bikini briefs , then there 's some animation , ray liotta 's naked butt , lots of shooting , teeth gnashing , art house wanna be pretensions and more of liotta 's embarrassing body that elicited laughs at every showing ... which i 'm not quite sure was the reaction he was looking for ... not 5 times anyway .
everyone in this movie thinks they 're smarter than the average bear and guy ritchie thinks he 's yogi bear incarnate .
the story lines might have went nowhere but the posturing was outta sight !
the only way this movie could have been worse is if madonna herself was in it .
this is not a very good movie , but it 's not a stinker either .
it is very confusing and unnecessarily long so rent it at your own risk .
my gf and i have figured this movie out ( we think )
so here it is:***major spoilers below***firstly , this movie is actually quite simple after you remove all of the confusing unconscious - dream - state junk ( 95 % of the movie.)ignoring
the junk , what really happened is this : a group of school friends go to a rave one night .
they leave and get into a car accident where everyone but cassie and sean die .
that 's the simple cut down version .
( that 's right , i said sean , bear with me)right after the accident , cassie lays in the hospital stuck in between life & death right up until the very end of the movie .
this is where the dream part starts .
the movie is called soul survivors , right ?
cassie 's mind and soul carries on after the accident interacting with the other souls ( annie , matt , raven , the 2 weirdos and jude ) along with images conjured up by her mind ( sean , school and everything else around her ) .
the souls continue doing what they were defined as : annie the rave - going chick , the 2 weirdo - killers ( from opening scene ) , father jude still helping people etc .
we are then taken on a very long ride , shown lots of images ( many of which my gf and i still ca n't tie in )
but it all boils down to it not being cassie 's time to die .
at the end , cassie wakes up in the hospital after being " dead " for a while .
her family and sean are there .
this is reality again .
she 's ok.then the director adds a little extra spice by trying to confuse us again by showing a little dream snippet of her in the wheelchair being strangled .
but this part is really just a nightmare , and she wakes up beside sean , obviously still dealing with her traumatic experience .
due to space restrictions , we did n't cover every little thing , but feel free to drop us an e - mail if you want to .
